<#$%
https://www.kickresume.com/en/help-center/tax-accountant-resume-sample/
#$%>

Tax Accountant Resume Sample (Full Text Version)

ANDREA BALECCI

E-mail: hello@kickresume.com
Phone: 555-555-5555
SUMMARY
Experienced Analytical Certified Tax Accountant with a proven track record of successfully managing comprehensive tax preparation and auditing procedures. Skilled in general accounting, financial planning, and proficient in navigating in-state, local, and federal tax regulations. Demonstrated expertise in resolving complex tax-related issues through innovative problem-solving strategies developed from handling IRS interactions. Known for strong work ethic and commitment to integrity. Seeking to leverage exceptional mathematical, accounting, and finance knowledge, excellent reasoning skills, and keen attention to detail to contribute to an organization's financial success.

Areas of Excellence:
- Exceptional knowledge of mathematical concepts, accounting, and finance topics
- Excellent reasoning skills and analytical abilities to determine best practices
- Strong attention to detail and focus on maintaining accurate and truthful reports.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

09/2015 - 09/2019, Tax Accountant, ERNST AND YOUNG, Milan, Italy

Implemented electronic tracking system, reducing search time by 40%.Revised filing process of USF for federal assessments, resulting in over 130,000€ annual savings.Played a key role in preparation and review of federal and multi-state tax returns and tax filing for high net-worth individuals, and small to large corporates.Supported over 250 clients with all phases of bookkeeping and accounting.Prepared monthly, quarterly, and annual documentation of tax payments.Managed balance sheet ledgers data, including fixed assets, accounts receivable, payable, inventory, etc.

01/2013 - 06/2015, Tax Accountant, KPGM International, Milan, Italy

Spearheaded process improvement and change management initiatives for Group Tax Accounting.Conducted research on tax issues for special projects under the guidance of the Tax Manager.Generated detailed reports of tax payments made to each associate and conducted quarterly internal audits.Participated in internal training sessions to continuously improve knowledge of tax law and software applications.Prioritized client satisfaction by delivering timely and effective responses to client needs and compliance requirements.

EDUCATION

01/2008 - 10/2012, Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, The University of Milan, Milan, Italy

Graduated with Honors and achieved a Cumulative GPA of 4.00.

CERTIFICATIONS

02/2008, Accredited Tax Preparer (ATP) Certification, Accounting Institute of Milan

SKILLS

Languages
English
Italian
German

Accounting Softwares
Intuit QuickBook
Sage 50 Accounting
Fund Accounting
SAP
Microsoft Office

REFERENCES

Mr. Bryan Simpson - Tax Supervisor, KPGMQ, Contact Number: 555-555-5555, Email: hello@kickresume.com