
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3880635532

Senior Consultant / Manager Digital Engineering & R&D (m/w/d)



Capgemini Invent is the global consulting arm of the Capgemini Group for digital innovation, design and transformation. It enables CxOs to shape the future of their companies. To achieve this, over 10,000 employees work in around 40 creative studios and at more than 60 locations worldwide. They combine strategy consulting, data science, product and experience design, brand management and technology know-how to develop new digital solutions, products, environments and business models for a sustainable future.

Be part of our journey

Innovative transformation projects for successful growth in digital product design and developmentLong-term, value-oriented corporate culture in an international environmentTransparent career prospects and further training opportunities within a global network of expertsLong-term oriented work-life balance model


Get the future you want

Today's market requirements pose major challenges for tomorrow's engineering. The creation of complex products must be made more efficient and at the same time more flexible. Teams must work together in a decentralized and interdisciplinary manner in order to quickly implement new business models through product innovations. In this context, we advise our customers in the following subject areas in order to be able to establish the necessary changes technically, methodically and culturally.

Engineering Transformation (Strategy, Processes, Methods and Change Management)Strategy & Transformation for Product Lifecycle ManagementSoftware & Systems EngineeringDigital Continuity, Digital Twin, Connected Value ChainDesign, Simulation, VerificationCross-functional engineering collaboration (Sales, Manufacturing, Procurement)


Your skills & career

Several years of practical project experience in the field of engineering, especially in the automotive, aerospace, manufacturing, energy utility or life science sectors. Experience in (partial) project management of complex transformation projects in the engineering environment. An outstanding degree with an economic, technical, scientific or information technology orientation. Comprehensive knowledge of product development and its core processes. Experience in strategy and organizational development in the area of ​​engineering (consulting) Experience in the design, optimization and implementation of processes in product developmentKnowledge of Engineering IT and virtual product developmentKnowledge of relevant subject areas in the area of ​​product lifecycle managementEnjoy the combination of technological understanding, strategic analysis as well as the talent to think conceptually and implementation-orientedHigh reliability, team spirit and fit for a globally leading management consultancyExcellent presentation and moderation skills as well as very good MS Office -KnowledgeExcellent knowledge of German and English


The advertised vacancy must be filled all year round.

We look forward to receiving your complete application exclusively via our application portal, stating your salary expectations, the earliest possible starting date and your location preference.

Here you can find further information about our application process.

If you have any questions, please contact seda.evirgen@capgemini.com.