
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3884686631

Operations Manager



Description

Operations is the beating heart of Amazon. This key part of our business makes sure we fulfill and dispatch orders efficiently so that our customers get their items on time. It’s driven by Operations Managers who bring the team together to push excellence in safety, quality and productivity across our sites. At your site, you’ll lead other managers and create the operational plan that helps your teams meet their targets. This role is all about driving operational excellence to create the Amazon of tomorrow.

Key job responsibilities

 Manage and develop a team of Area Managers Lead operational teams on a shift, deal with issues, and positively impact site performance Analyze shift performance against relevant business objectives, and put in place actions to improve our operational excellence Work closely with other support teams, including HR, Finance, Health and Safety, and Security

Design and deliver initiatives across the sites to improve operational performance

A day in the life

You’ll lead shifts at one of our operational sites. You’ll also be the key link between a number of teams, including finance, safety and operations integration teams. That means you’ll be close to the day-to-day operations at your site but also contribute to new ways to innovate at your site.

A typical day will involve meetings with different areas of the business, deep diving into performance and risk metrics for sites, and looking ahead to prepare for different levels of demand. Every day will also involve mentoring and coaching your team. You’ll be a source of leadership and support your team to be the best managers they can be.

About The Team

Amazon couldn’t deliver at pace without the Amazon Transportation Service (ATS) team. As part of ATS, you’ll be welcomed into a diverse team that plays a central role in our success. Using air, sea and road transport, as well as sortation centres equipped with the latest technology, you’ll help Amazon’s transport run at maximum efficiency. Our team captures data and uses it to drive decisions. They are key to making Amazon more innovative and efficient.

We put safety first as our people are our priority. And we use the expertise of our people to get packages to their destination – quickly, conveniently and sustainably.

Basic Qualifications

 A degree Relevant experience in people and stakeholder management Advanced proficiency in verbal and written English and intermediate proficiency in the local language Relevant experience in using data or anecdotal evidence to influence business decisions Relevant experience in key areas of production and supply chains

Preferred Qualifications

 Preferred qualifications are not required to apply for a position at Amazon. If you have all the basic qualifications above, we’d love to hear from you. Experience in Lean, Six Sigma and Kaizen techniques Experience in a similar logistical working environment Relevant experience working with the MS Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook) in a professional environment

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d


Company - Amazon VZ Suedhessen GmbH

Job ID: A2605034