
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3980754307

Operations Associate, Munich



Lime is the world's largest shared electric vehicle company. We’re on a mission to build a future where transportation is shared, affordable and carbon-free. Our electric bikes and scooters have powered 400+ million rides in 250+ cities on 5 continents, replacing an estimated 100+ million car trips. Named a Time 100 Most Influential Company and Fast Company Brand That Matters, we achieved a fully profitable year in 2022, becoming the first in our industry to reach this milestone.

We are looking for a data-driven, hands-on, entrepreneurial minded individual to join our Munich Operations team. As an Operations Associate, you will enhance our fleet, coordinate our teams in the warehouse and in the field, and be the local eyes and ears on the ground to understand the local needs of our riders. You will tackle challenges along our operational journey from the moment a vehicle arrives in our warehouse, until a customer ends their ride. This role is a great opportunity to be at the forefront of shaping the future of mobility in Munich, Germany.

The individual hired for this position must live within one hour of a Lime Munich warehouse.

What you'll do: 

Hire, train, and provide coaching to all levels of Mechanics and Fleet Support positions responsible for deploying and retrieving our shared electric vehicle Build a safe, compliant and efficient warehouse environment that supplies a fully operational fleet of vehicles for Munich, GermanyDefine new processes and best practices to drive operational excellence within the warehousePartner cross-functionally on operations projects that result in identifying expansion opportunities within your region(s)Define and monitor KPIs that measure the profitability, revenue, and operational performance of your market(s)Provide complaint management and customer incidents investigation supportPartner with the local Government Relations representative to manage key Legal, Regulatory and Safety issuesMaintain positive relationships between customers, regulators/city officials, employees, and Lime managementCollaborate with Engineering and Product teams to drive local initiatives for revenue growth



About you: 

1-3 years of professional work experience; ideally 1+ year of experience within an Operations position Experience leading teams or groups preferred Demonstrated expertise with the Munich Germany region and ability to anticipate operational needs and/or challenges within this areaGrit and an entrepreneurial spirit with the ability to work in an ambiguous environmentHigh-energy and sound decision maker with the ability to make data-based decisions with a cost focused mindset Fluent verbal and written English & German language skills Familiarity with Excel and Google Sheets (Tableau & SQL knowledge would be a bonus) with the ability to navigate and draw inference from data Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills 



Why Lime? 

When you join Lime, you join a global community of smart, caring, talented individuals working together to deliver world-changing results; striving to create an experience that enables Limers to do their best work. Here are some ways we support and invest in our team:

Competitive salaries, performance-based annual bonus and pre-IPO equity

Health and wellness offerings for all team members starting day one including access to top-tier fitness and mindfulness apps

Flexible vacation policies with ample paid holidays tailored to country of residence

Fully-paid leave following the birth or adoption of a child and financial, medical and educational support for Limers pursuing parenthood

Support for retirement and financial goals with unlimited access to financial advisors

Unlimited, complimentary use of our vehicles in hundreds of cities around the world

Professional growth opportunities through quarterly learning days and top-tier tools

Opportunities to connect across teams and locations to network, socialize and volunteer

Culture of belonging with Employee Resource Groups that engage and promote cultural awareness and DEI training across all functions

Consistent recognition of great work through meaningful rewards and career advancements

Benefits and perks vary depending on the nature of your employment and country of residence. Terms and conditions may apply.

If you want to make an impact, Lime is the place for you. Not sure if you meet all the qualifications? If this role excites you we encourage you to apply. Explore all opportunities on our career page.

Lime is an Equal Opportunity Employer, but that’s just the start. We believe different perspectives help us grow and achieve more. That’s why we’re dedicated to hiring and developing the most talented and globally diverse team – which includes individuals with different backgrounds, abilities, identities and experiences. Applicants who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process can email recruiting-operations@li.me for assistance.

Use of artificial intelligence or an LLM such as ChatGPT during the interview process will be grounds for rejection of your application.