
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3989846796

(Associate) Consultant (m/w/d) Digital Procurement



Capgemini Invent is the global consulting arm of the Capgemini Group for digital innovation, design and transformation. It enables CxOs to shape the future of their companies. To achieve this, over 10,000 employees work in around 40 creative studios and at more than 60 locations worldwide. They combine strategy consulting, data science, product and experience design, brand management and technology know-how to develop new digital solutions, products, environments and business models for a sustainable future.

Be part of our journey

Innovative strategy projects and international teams as well as successful growth in digital future topicsLong-term, value-oriented corporate cultureTransparent career prospects and plenty of room for personal initiativeIndividual training in our training program “The Institute” as well as outstanding further training opportunities within a global network of expertsLong-term work-life balance model


Get the future you want

Actively contributing your motivation to an existing team of expertsDeveloping yourself into a technically experienced and competent expert and consultant for eProcurement solutionsSupporting the analysis and definition of customer requirements within the team as well as towards external partiesForming an efficient link between processes between businesses , strategy and IT Identify new areas of action and show possible solutions Support as a consultant through, among other things, process analysis and documentation as well as your methodological expertise Make an active contribution Offer processes and the preparation of pitch appointments


Your Skills & Careers

First practical experience, e.g. through internships, in a well-known international (IT) consultancy or at a market-leading industrial company. An outstanding degree (Bachelor/Master) with an economic, technical or information technology focus. Basic technical and process knowledge in purchasing or procurement. Fun with the combination technological understanding, strategic analysis and implementation workHigh reliability, team spirit and fit for a globally leading management consultancyExcellent presentation and moderation skills as well as very Good MS Office skillsExcellent German and English skills


We look forward to receiving your complete application exclusively via our application portal and with details

your salary expectations, the earliest possible starting date and your location preference.

Here you can find further information about our application process.

If you have any questions, please contact mariola.tochowicz-lackmayer@capgemini.com.