
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3999722234

Planner



About you:

Join us. Unleash your energy within.

If you have world-class ambitions to reach the stars while keeping your feet on the ground, we’re the team for you. We've created a new breed of company – future-focused with reimagined ambition across all disciplines within the energy sector.

We love people who know their own potential and are not afraid to use it. We know that together, we’re far more than the sum of our parts. So, we celebrate people who want to grow and develop as we work together on some of the largest projects on the energy world stage.

Our purpose and beliefs:

As Kent, we’re tackling the greatest challenge of our time - to bring our world the energy it needs in the most responsible way ever imagined.

It’s the energy of every member of our team driven by our beliefs that is making this happen. Whatever our skill, our language, or our culture. These beliefs define and direct us every day to be the very best - for ourselves, our clients, our key stakeholders, the communities we operate in and the planet:

We PLAY BIG

We thrive on EMOTIONAL AGILITY

We Are FANATICAL ABOUT PERFORMANCE

We are built on INFINITE THINKING

Read more about the Purpose, Beliefs and Guiding Principles that drive us: https://kentplc.com/who-we-are/purpose-beliefs

Our vision for Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging:

We recognise that diversity & inclusion are catalysts for success. We’re heightening awareness on the benefits of people diversity, diversity of experiences and diversity of our perspectives. Creating a culture of inclusivity where all employees feel a sense of belonging.

Our combined energy is fueled by different nationalities, across 6 continents and 24 countries. Our commitment is to celebrate character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability.

About the job:

Working in the PMC Project Management Team for a portfolio of Energy Transition Projects to be based in Burghausen, Germany.

Skills & Responsibilities:

 Ensure HSSE goals, objectives and targets are met through personal leadership and involvement. To provide Planning and Scheduling management, leadership and support for all assigned Project activities. Oversee Planning, Scheduling, Progress Measurement and Forecasting activities of the FEED/EPCM Contractor and ensure these are aligned to the overall assigned Project objectives. Support the PMC Project Controls Manager and provide functional support to the PMT.

Principal Accountabilities: - 

 Champion the assigned Project Safety culture, behaviours and engagement activities. Review FEED/EPCM Contractor’s Schedules, Progress Measurement and Forecasts and provide assessments to PMT management. Review Project Business Plans and Execution strategies to provide input to strategic priorities, Operating Budgets and cost forecasts. Review FEED/EPCM Contractor’s nominated Subcontractor’s un-priced bid submissions for Scheduling, Progress Measurement and Reporting requirements. Ensure that PMT procedures for Scheduling, Progress Measurement and Forecasting are approved and implemented. Provide functional input to the review and approval of FEED/EPCM Contractor’s invoices and Change Order proposals. Participate in Project Risk Reviews, Constructability Reviews and Value Engineering Workshops. Provide functional input to PMT weekly/monthly progress reports and presentations to OMV and provide exception reports related to the overall assigned Project Schedule. Review FEED/EPCM Contract close-out reports and performance evaluation reports and provide functional input to PMT management. Review PMT systems and procedures to provide functional input and support continuous improvement. Establish and implement assigned Project statistical database for benchmarking purposes. Review assigned Project short term and medium-term constraints and concerns to provide mitigation plans and corrective actions for PMT management to implement.

In addition to the responsibilities listed herein, the employee may be required to perform other ad-hoc tasks as needed or directed by the supervisor or management. These tasks will be within the reasonable scope of the employee's skills, capabilities, and role within the organization. The intent of this provision is to allow for flexibility and adaptability in meeting the dynamic needs of the organization, ensuring that operational requirements can be met efficiently. All such tasks will be assigned considering the employee's current workload and with respect to their professional development.

Your knowledge/skills, education, and experience: 

 Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or closely related field or alternatively certified by Institute or recognized Agency in the area of Project Planning and Scheduling. Extensive experience in Project planning and scheduling in diversified Engineering and Construction of Oil and Gas and Energy Projects including at sufficient experience in either petrochemical or heavy technology industries. Utilization of Critical Path Network Analysis. Capable of using scheduling applications like Primavera and MS project. Capable of evaluating and consulting on Project scheduling, planning issues and resolutions. Able to work within a defined role with limited supervision. Able to make decisions and solve problems related to a specific discipline/field. Responsible for own work product with minimal guidance and oversight from immediate supervisor. Establishes credibility with peers and supervisors and makes good use of their time. Exercises judgment in making decisions; knows when to seek advice.

Communication:

 Team player. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Professional communication skills –Able to communicate with peers, customers, and vendors.

Behaviour/ Core Competencies:

 Demonstrated experience in working in an Oil and Gas or Energy Company in Planning and Scheduling role. Knowledgeable of Oil and Gas Project Execution and Project Controls, Cost Management, and Project drivers. Establishes harmony within the Project Controls team. Ability to develop positive relationships with a diverse range of disciplines in a FEED/EPCM Project Execution setting. Strong work ethic, ability to prioritize competing tasks.

HSSEQ:

The Employee shall observe the Health, Safety, Sustainability, Environment and Quality rules of the Company; it’s clients and the governing authorities of the host country.

We are committed to our diverse and inclusive community - a place where we can all be ourselves, thrive and develop. From day one, we offer a range of family friendly, inclusive employment policies, flexible working arrangements, and employee networks to support staff from different backgrounds.

As an Equal Opportunities Employer, we value applications from all backgrounds, cultures, and abilities.

We’re a disability-friendly employer and can make adjustments to support you to perform at your best during the recruitment process. Please contact us confidentially at [email protected] to find out how we can support you.