
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4000748806

Intern Product Management (f/m/x)



ONLY FEW COMPANIES HAVE SO MUCH BUSINESS.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​product management.

What awaits you?

Profound understanding of the activities in product management.Knowledge of the product substance and appeal of the BMW M offerings.Integration into the BMW M GmbH team.Independent collaboration in a wide range of subject areas.Designing the performance automobiles of tomorrow.Diverse contacts in the BMW Group: From sales , technology, design through to contact with international markets. Support and preparation of events.


What are you bringing with you?

Passion for automobiles.Openness and team spirit.Analytical mindset.Not afraid of numbers.Very good MS Office knowledge.Experience in the automotive industry is an advantage.Very good written and spoken German and English skills.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 14, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Product Management (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW M GmbH

Location: Munich

Work area: Product management

Job ID: 136932

Release date: August 14, 2024

Internship/thesis