
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4006215892

Intern Production Planning (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​production planning. The Shopfloor.Digital initiative stands for a sustainable, revolutionary redesign of the process and IT landscape in the BMW Group's production system. As an intern in the Shopfloor.Digital initiative, you can expect a diverse and interesting range of tasks in the area of ​​project management with the aim of digitalizing BMW production. You support a dynamic, agile and highly motivated team in renewing the IT and process landscape on the shop floor across location and technology boundaries.

What awaits you?

As part of your internship, you will support our project in the ramp-up phase at headquarters and in collaboration with our production locations. The focus here is on supporting various teams, such as the PMO, rollout or initiative management. Collaboration lies in areas such as budgeting and quality assurance , risk management, committee steering and structuring of the initiative. You will prepare higher-level workshops (creating the agenda), carry them out and follow them up. Close cooperation with other specialist departments and production locations worldwide and full integration into the team round off your tasks. Our collaboration is structured using agile methods.


What are you bringing with you?

Ongoing studies in the areas of computer science, engineering, business administration or communication sciences. Confident use of MS Office and project management tools (Confluence, Jira). Communication of complex issues in a simple way, taking the overall context into account. High interest in digitalization in the production system and in agile Project management. Structured way of working and strong analytical skills. Initiative and motivation. Fluent in German and English. 


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from January 1st, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Production Planning (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: production planning

Job ID: 136791

Release date: August 23, 2024

Internship/thesis