
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4007857702

Intern Partnering with Tech Companies, Digital Products (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​partnering with tech companies and digital products. Today, vehicles support individual mobility and are at the same time part of our customers' connected lives. In the context of these changes, numerous new business models are opening up.

What awaits you?

The Cooperations, Partnering & Strategy team is responsible for BMW's global partnerships with tech companies (e.g. Amazon, Google, Baidu, Alibaba) in order to offer our customers the best possible digital experience in the vehicle. You support our team with basic analyzes and strategy development, e.g. in-vehicle infotainment or artificial intelligence. You will also be responsible for your own project. You will be involved in all topics and will help in long-term and operational project business.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of economics, business informatics, engineering, natural sciences or similar. At least in the second half of the bachelor's degree or in the master's degree/gap year. High affinity and initial practical experience in the area of ​​project management and digital technologies. Previous internships in management consulting or in strategy departments desirable. Confident handling of MS Office, especially with PowerPoint and Excel. Strong presentation skills and determination. Very good knowledge of German and English.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from September 1st, 2024

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Partnering with Tech Companies, Digital Products (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: Purchasing strategy

Job ID: 137308

Release date: August 22, 2024

Internship/thesis