
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4008360302

Quality engineer (part-time/full-time; f/m/d)



93055 Regensburg

Quality is a big priority for you and you enjoy digitalization projects? Then we have just the thing for you!

IMPACT starts with us: We are looking for a quality engineer (f/m/d) who is interested in familiarizing himself with our internal quality management at the Regensburg location (“Sachsenwerk”). The location offers a development and production location Introduce innovative ideas in a family atmosphere and help shape the pulse of the times. Does this sound interesting to you?

When and where? From now on in Regensburg

Duration: Unlimited

Vacation: 30 days / year in accordance with the IG Metall collective agreement

Weekly hours: Part-time (at least 30h/week) or full-time (35h/week) with a 5-day working week.

Who is looking for your support? Andre, Head of Quality Management

Your IMPACT:

Analysis of quality problems and advancement of innovative solutions Management of exciting projects (e.g. introduction of an MES system) and support of the implementation of measures at the site Implementation of internal audits and support of external audits Maintenance and further development of the Integrated Management System (IMS)

You can find a little insight into the work at the location here:

Our range:

A job with a future: With us you can plan your career for the long term and develop according to your own wishesInnovation: We don't just work with the times - we help shape itTogether into the future: You take responsibility for your area of ​​responsibility and make an active contribution to energy - and technology revolution! Further development: We promote your further development through regular feedback discussions and training. Work-life balance: Our offers include subsidies for public transport tickets, Hansefit offers, corporate benefits or the employee share program

Have you already taken a look at your possible new workplace? Visit our Regensburg location directly in our virtual 360° tour: https://tours.nexpics.com/schneider-electric/regensburg/

Your profile:

Completed studies in the field of mechanical engineering, electrical engineering or industrial engineering (or comparable training) Additional training as an auditor or alternatively first professional experience in the field of quality management First experience in the field of project management Very good knowledge of German and English. Knowledge of French is an advantage

Curiosity, inclusion, teamwork: 

No one is flawless and not all career paths are the same. It is important that we have the will to learn and develop. Because we know that a career also means first having to find your strengths. Apply now, even if you don’t (yet) meet all the requirements. We look forward to getting to know you!

Your next step? Apply online of course!

Please upload your CV including salary expectations.

The contact person for this position is Marc Bernges. If you have any questions about the application process, please contact us via LinkedIn.

You can find us on Instagram with @schneiderelectric_karriere so you don't miss any news.

Everything about Schneider Electric as an employer can be found here: https://www.se.com/de/de/about-us/careers/overview.jsp

Note: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited application documents from recruiters. If Schneider Electric considers a candidate whose profile was sent by recruiters without an existing framework agreement, no claims can be asserted against Schneider Electric.

#Sachsenwerk

#Teamwork

#ImpactStartsWithUs

Do you also want to be an IMPACT maker with your career? When you think about joining a new team, culture is crucial. At Schneider Electric, our values ​​and behaviors are the foundation for creating a great culture that supports business success. We believe that our IMPACT values ​​- Inclusion, Mastery, Purpose, Action, Curiosity, Teamwork - start with ourselves.

IMPACT invites you to join Schneider Electric and put our sustainability ambitions into action, regardless of your role. It is an invitation to combine your career with the goal of creating a more resilient, efficient and sustainable world.

We are looking for IMPACT makers - exceptional people who put sustainability ambitions into action at the interface of automation, electrification and digitalization. We celebrate IMPACT makers and believe that everyone has the potential to do so.

Become an IMPACT maker at Schneider Electric - apply today!

€36 billion in sales worldwide

+13% organic growth

150,000+ employees in 100+ countries

#1 in the Global 100 most sustainable companies in the world

You must apply online to be considered for a position with us. This position will remain online until filled.

Schneider Electric strives to be the most inclusive and caring company in the world by providing equal opportunities for everyone, everywhere and ensuring that all employees feel uniquely valued and confident to do their best work. We reflect the diversity of the societies in which we operate and "inclusion" is one of our core values. We believe our differences make us stronger as a company and as individuals, and we are committed to championing inclusivity in everything we do. This also applies to our applicants and is anchored in our recruitment principles.

You can find more information about our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion here and our DEI policy here 

At Schneider Electric, we maintain the highest standards of ethics and compliance, and we believe that trust is a fundamental value. Our Trust Charter is our code of conduct and demonstrates our commitment to ethics, safety, sustainability, quality and cybersecurity. It underpins every aspect of our business and our willingness to behave and act with respect and honesty towards all of our stakeholders. You can find out more about our trust charter here 

Schneider Electric is an equal opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other legally protected characteristic or behavior , in the areas of recruiting, training, transfer and promotion.etc, to all qualified persons without regard to their race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation , hers to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transfer and promotion based on marital status or other legally protected characteristics or behavior.