
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4018837437

Shift Manager (m/w/d) - Gersthofen



Description

As a division/shift manager at Amazon, you will lead a large, diverse team and ensure that your business area always keeps up with demand. In this hands-on role, you'll familiarize yourself with the complex operations of a global company and learn what's needed to keep everything running smoothly. Together with your colleagues, you will work to increase productivity and meet challenges. No two days are the same.

Key job responsibilities

 Promote a culture of safety and well-being Analyze and implement corrective actions to ensure consistent high quality and productivity and adherence to all company objectives across shifts Support and lead a team and complete administrative tasks; Building and supporting a strong team culture Analyzing performance and suggesting process improvements to optimize workflow and customer service Collaborate with other managers to standardize shift processes

A day in the life

You work in different shifts at one of our locations. You focus primarily on ensuring that your team and your entire location adhere to safety standards. You also monitor process efficiency. Priorities in your everyday work include routine team management and daily operational activities. In addition to other tasks such as escalations in individual cases, process improvements and overall operational emergency planning.

As an important member of the operations team, you will work with colleagues from other teams as well as external partners and ensure that we meet our customers' requirements as well as our own specifications at all times. This includes analyzing data and key performance indicators with leaders in your business area, as well as discussing the operational advantages and disadvantages of technical improvements with the technical team.

About The Team

The logistics department at Amazon (AMZL) is responsible for “last mile logistics” – i.e. the delivery of our packages in partnership with third-party providers. We think creatively and implement continuous improvement initiatives to deliver millions of physical products to our customers. Our goal is to make our customers' delivery experience as seamless as possible and introduce global delivery solutions for our newest offerings, including Amazon Fresh, Prime Now and Amazon Restaurants.

These activities are carried out by two groups of employees. Our “in-house” employees prepare millions of products for shipment to our delivery teams. Our team is people-oriented and helpful. This is particularly important because many of our employees work night shifts. Our focus is primarily on operations. Most of our locations operate around the clock.

Meanwhile, our “field service” employees work with Amazon Flex – a delivery contractor network. Every year we set new standards in customer experience and offer new, innovative delivery services. We are looking for new ways to overcome industry-wide logistics challenges, as well as new ideas to reduce our carbon footprint. A fleet of innovative vehicles (including electric vehicles) and state-of-the-art technology support us in this.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree or shortly before completing a Bachelor's degree program Advanced written and spoken English and German skills Relevant experience in conducting data analysis

Preferred qualifications

 Experience communicating with various stakeholders, including colleagues and managers Experience in a logistics environment Experience working with MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) in a professional environment

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/f/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Support Services Germany GmbH

Job ID: A2762053