
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4020120452

Final thesis in the area of ​​chassis development



READY FOR THE 4TH REVOLUTION?

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Digitalization, robotics or artificial intelligence – not science fiction, but our everyday lives. Everything seems impossible until someone does it. For us, driving pleasure is realized from development to production, above all by having fun at work and enthusiasm for the joint project. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but also to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an interesting thesis in chassis development. As part of your work as a bachelor/master student (m/f/x), you will support our vertical and vehicle dynamics team in the area of ​​development steering control.

What awaits you?

Exciting sub-project in the area of ​​driving dynamics in the context of steering control with a focus on the interaction between people and vehicles. Literature research on the state of the art. Modeling of the driver including choice of methodology. Insights into the chassis control. Validation of the model through comparison drives. Presentation of the results in expert panels .


Please note that you must ensure that your final thesis is supervised by a college/university.

What are you bringing with you?

Studies in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering or comparable course of study.Knowledge of MATLAB/Simulink.In-depth knowledge of system modeling and control engineering.Fluent in German and English.Analytical thinking skills.Initiative initiative and motivation.Ability to work in a team.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Are you enthusiastic about new technologies and an innovative environment? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from October 7th, 2024

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Final thesis in the area of ​​chassis development 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: chassis/driving dynamics

Job ID: 138309

Release date: September 9, 2024

Internship/thesis