
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4021266666

Production engineer (m/f/d)



Your daily workout

EGYM is looking for a production engineer (m/f/d) to ensure a smooth production process for our state-of-the-art fitness equipment. Would you like to become part of our production and development team in Munich and successfully take our products and processes to the next level? Then apply now!

Communication & coordination: You are the main contact person both internally for our teams and externally for system suppliers regarding all matters relating to the production and assembly of EGYM Smart devicesProject management: You lead internal production projects for process optimization and point out potential for improvement Process optimization: You work closely with the development, Product and quality teams work together to continuously improve our devices and production processesChange management: You carry out product changes from the idea to series readiness, taking various aspects into account Influencing factors (e.g. assembleability, compatibility, availability and ideal change times)Analysis and management: You create production forecasts, coordinate orders for feasibility and manage our inventory in the ERP system SAP Business by Design

Your fitness level

Engineering degree: You have a university degree in production/automation technology, mechanical engineering, mechatronics or comparable Professional experience: You have at least 5 years of professional experience, preferably in an agile environment and have experience in dealing with suppliers in terms of cost, quality and Supplier managementTechnical skills: You have experience in PLM / ERP systems (ideally Arena & SAP Business by Design) as well as CAD & PDM systems (preferably Solidworks) Willingness to travel: You are willing to travel and have a class B driving license (approx. 10-20% of your weekly working hours) Communication skills & assertiveness: You are characterized by excellent communication skills in German and English and you can assert yourself in difficult conversations with suppliers

Your training goal for your first 6 months

Process understanding: You develop a deep understanding of our tools and processes, develop and network closely with your colleagues. Independent support: You independently take on the support of system suppliers and moderate appointments. Product changes: You are responsible for at least one product change and successfully integrate it into the existing work processes

Our training equipment 

Corporate culture: Experience the flair of an international company that values ​​diversity and cultural exchange Feedback: Develop yourself through regular feedback to continuously develop yourself and work in a team that values ​​your ideasFitness & Health: Benefit from free access to EGYM Wellpass as well as ours Company-owned fitness studio, equipped with the latest EGYM equipmentWork-life balance: Enjoy 30 vacation days per year and the flexibility through our hybrid working model, home office and office days combinedBenefit portal: Discover a wide range of exclusive benefits - from fashion to leisure - in our Benefit portalBike leasing: Use our bike leasing offer to stay active, be it on the way to work or in your free timeCompany pension plan: Secure your future with our attractive Company pension planCoffee & fruit: Enjoy free coffee, tea and fresh fruit in our modern, air-conditioned office and relax on our large terrace during your lunch breakMachine Hardware Team: Get to know our Machine Hardware Team here

Contact Information

Please upload your complete documents (CV, certificates, start date and desired salary) as a PDF using ID#1419.

Contact person: Liska Kürten

For more information: https://career.egym.com/

About Us

Become part of EGYM!

EGYM is a global technology leader in intelligent training solutions for the fitness and health industry. The comprehensive range of connected fitness equipment and digital products can be integrated into third-party hardware and software, enabling complete integrated training with measurable results for users and operators.

For businesses, EGYM offers subscription-based fitness and wellness solutions. Employees have access to high-quality sports and health facilities as well as EGYM training programs and thereby benefit from improving their general health. To prevent costly illnesses, for higher productivity and increased well-being.

EGYM is headquartered in Munich with additional offices throughout Europe and a US headquarters in Denver, Colorado.

EGYM is committed to equal employment opportunities. All aspects of employment, including hiring, promotion, discipline or discharge decisions, are based on merit, competence, performance and business need, regardless of an individual's race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age or any other aspect of an individual's identity.