
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4022987970

Working student technology development high-voltage storage (f/m/x)



THEORETICALLY THE BEST DECISION. PRACTICAL TOO.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Only highly professional processes in dynamic teams produce innovative, cutting-edge technology. But for us, the joy of driving, from development to production, is achieved above all with fun at work and enthusiasm for the joint project. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but also to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​high-voltage storage technology development.

What awaits you?

As part of your work, you will support our high-voltage storage technology development team in identifying new technologies and the transfer-oriented management of technology projects in the context of electromobility. You will also help with the systematic development, evaluation and prioritization of new concepts for manufacturing and joining technologies. You will support us in this regard in the planning, implementation and evaluation of test programs on prototype systems and in the laboratory. The aspects of production and product development are taken into account and you have the opportunity to incorporate your own ideas into the vehicle generations of the future to introduce.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of engineering, natural sciences or a comparable course of study.Construction knowledge in dealing with CAD software desirable.Experience in the field of materials analysis desirable.Familiarity with MS Office.Class B driving license.Teamwork and communication skills.Structured and independent way of working. 


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from October 14, 2024

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student technology development high-voltage storage (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: production planning

Job ID: 138976

Release date: September 12, 2024

Internship/thesis