
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4025253080

Working student seat development (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​product development. In our team we have overall responsibility for the development and integration of the second and third rows of seats in all BMW/Mini and Rolls Royce vehicles. This includes both the basic development of technical modules as well as the development until they are ready for series production or support throughout the product life cycle in the individual derivatives. A key part of our responsibility is also the achievement of business targets (one-off expenses, manufacturing costs and external contracts).

What awaits you? 

As part of your work as a working student, you will support our responsible developers in the area of ​​seat development. Your tasks will also include your support in the design of seat structures. Parametric designs provide an exciting insight into future vehicle derivatives. Participation in the control and the Higher-level project management of development projects rounds off your exciting portfolio of tasks.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of economics, engineering or a comparable course of study. Proficient in using MS Office. Proficient in using design programs (e.g. CATIA) Ability to work in a team and communicate. Structured way of working and initiative.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Work-life balance & flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see jobs/what we offer.


Are you enthusiastic about new technologies and an innovative environment? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from October 7th, 2024

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student seat development (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: product development

Job ID: 119376

Release date: September 13, 2024

Internship/thesis