
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4034525173

Thesis in the area of ​​automation in the software development process in the E/E environment



THE FUTURE OF MOBILITY? DIGITAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

More than 90% of all innovations in automobiles are based on electronics and software. This is where great freedom and networked thinking are required in order to reinvent mobility and enable a completely new driving experience. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but also to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied thesis in the area of ​​automation in the software development process in the E/E environment.

What awaits you?

Getting to know and familiarizing yourself with the automotive software development process. Optimizing the internal development process using agile development tools such as Jira, Codebeamer and DOORS for efficient development in the E/E environment. (Further) developing and designing/elaborating new ideas and concepts using a script automates requirements linked in the V-model. Presentation of the current work results in the team and documentation of the work results.


Please note that you must ensure that your final thesis is supervised by a college/university.

What are you bringing with you?

Study of industrial engineering, automotive engineering, electrical engineering, computer science or a comparable course of study.Excellent knowledge of spoken and written German as well as good knowledge of English.Basic knowledge of agile working methods, confident use of MS Office.Basic knowledge of Python including the common libraries.First experience in dealing with source code Editors such as Visual Studio Code. Initial knowledge of software development and its processes as well as the visualization tool Grafana is desirable.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from January 2nd, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: Suitable for full-time or part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Thesis in the area of ​​automation in the software development process in the E/E environment 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: Electrics/Electronics

Job ID: 141002

Release date: September 26, 2024

Internship/thesis