
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4034523762

Intern Project Management Production Battery (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​project management, battery production. In our team in the planning, industrialization and high-voltage storage area, everything revolves around the exciting topic of electromobility. We are responsible for the planning process of new production facilities and coordinate the global development of battery production in the BMW network.

What awaits you?

As part of your job, you will become part of a project team and take on your own projects and the achievement of goals. You will also be responsible for cross-departmental key figure management and thus monitor the achievement of milestones and the overall project success using digital tools. You will present your results to BMW management, among others. You will contribute your own ideas and help to optimize the processes in the production of high-voltage batteries. Furthermore, as an interface to external suppliers in the planning phase, you will actively shape the production of high-voltage batteries through creative idea and solution finding. In addition, you will work with many areas of the company, including production, logistics, purchasing and finance via the global production network from the USA, Mexico to Hungary and China. You support the team by using agile working methods and improving project management.


What are you bringing with you?

Studies in the field of mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, business administration, production management or a similar course of study. Proactivity and interaction with projects, project members, partners and suppliers to achieve their milestones and very good communication skills. Actively learn and contribute to all related work topics. Ability to influence multiple functional teams and lead the project to success by adhering to goals.Structured and independent way of working combined with a hands-on mentality.You speak German and English fluently; Chinese is a plus.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy working in an international team? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from January 13, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Project Management Production Battery (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: production planning

Job ID: 140272

Release date: September 26, 2024

Internship/thesis