
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4049340980

PhD student fuel cell technology development (f/m/x)



FORM YOUR PASSION INTO A CAREER.

PROMOTION AT THE BMW GROUP.

The dissertation is a significant step on the way to an academic career - which you can shape together with us. Working alongside experienced mentors, you have the opportunity to apply your passion and scientific expertise to very real challenges and help shape the future of mobility.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied doctoral thesis in the field of fuel cell technology development with the topic “Break-in of proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells”. The aim of the dissertation is to build up a sound knowledge of break-in mechanisms and to derive break-in strategies from them. In collaboration with an interdisciplinary team of developers, technologists and production specialists, a time- and cost-optimized break-in process for fuel cell series production is to be developed.

What awaits you?

You will design, develop and analyze test series on fuel cells.Detailed investigation of the physical and chemical processes during the break-in.You will develop and validate new break-in strategies.You will also be responsible for the technical support of collaborations with research institutes.You will do your doctorate in an international company a large doctoral student network.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of chemistry, physics or a comparable course of study.Good knowledge of electrochemistry and fuel cells.Experience in the development and application of various data analysis methods.Experience in programming in Python and Matlab.Fluent in German and English.Analytical thinking and enjoyment of independent work Working, good teamwork and communication skills.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from November 11th, 2024

Duration: 36 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

PhD student fuel cell technology development (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: drive

Job ID: 138247

Release date: 10/15/2024

Young talent programs