
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4052096640

Product Manager (m/f/d) Inductors



WHAT WE OFFER
Are you looking for a new opportunity that offers meaningful work with true purpose? We would love to welcome you to our multinational team!

 Your growth is our growth. We invest in your future by enhancing your skills and abilities through training opportunities and interesting challenges.

At Panasonic, we believe in the power of collaboration - only together can we continue to expand our innovative edge and exceed our customers’ expectations. We are a powerful brand with a rich company culture, based on our 7 principles. It's not just about what we do, but how we do it. To fulfil our social responsibilities, we will continue to do what we have done for over 100 years - to enrich people’s lives at home and at work, and move society forward.
 
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING
Product management for Tier 1/distribution channel customers across Europe for passive components, especially inductors Demand creation, specific design-ins, market research, technical trend analysis and benchmarkingProduct development and product innovation in cooperation with our customersProduct strategy development for Europe as well as tactic setup for each customerInterface for strategic decisions between our headquarter/factories in Japan and our account managers in EuropeSupport for our sales function during customer meetings and the acquisition of design-insDaily support for technical and commercial inquiries 
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR
Academic degree in electrical engineering or comparable qualificationExperience in Electronics (on component and/or application level)Experience in technical product marketing, technical sales, or similar positionPreferably work experience in the automotive and/or distribution marketPositive work attitude, commercial mindset, excellent communication skills and team spiritProactive learning attitude regarding products and processesFluent in German and EnglishWillingness to travelDriver’s license required 
WHAT WE OFFER
International work environmentFlexible working hours with mobile work options30 days of vacationVarious training and development opportunitiesAttractive salary package and benefits (e.g. company car, sport club memebership)  
ABOUT US
Panasonic is one of the largest and leading electronic product manufacturers in the world. The depth and variety of our research capabilities, manufacturing expertise, high quality and sophisticated products have remained strong since 1918. Our mission is to create the Panasonic business of "tomorrow." By integrating business, technology, and creativity, we will realize ideal lifestyles and societies solving social issues globally. Learn more about Sustainability at Panasonic.

Panasonic Industry Europe GmbH is part of the global Panasonic Group and provides industrial products and services in Europe. Looking back on more than 100 years of engineering know-how in electronics, Panasonic is the right supplier when it comes to engineering expertise combined with solutions competence.

We look forward to your online application indicating your salary expectation and availability!

Find an overview of our benefits as well as further information on Panasonic as an employer here: Link 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
Fairness and equality are in our DNA. We are committed to creating a safe and inclusive workplace where people feel empowered to bring their whole selves to work. We want to ensure that our people are respected for who they are as individuals, valued for what they do and celebrated for their contribution to our business and our community. We are committed to promoting inclusion for the success of our business.

Panasonic is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability, or any other characteristics.