
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4056254027

Working Student BMW Speech - Language Engineering Dutch (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​language engineering to strengthen our internationalization team for the BMW Voice Assistant. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for training, testing and improving the Dutch language models and playing a crucial role in creating an exceptional customer experience for the Dutch market.

What awaits you?

As part of your job, you will be involved in the development and training of Dutch language models for the new BMW Voice Assistant. You will carry out in-car testing and evaluation of the language models to ensure accuracy and performance. Identifying opportunities for improvement of the Dutch language models and implementing extensions is also part of your tasks. Working with cross-functional teams, you will identify and resolve language-related issues. You will be part of the internationalization team and work closely with the external translation service provider. You will also play a key role in creating an exceptional customer experience by providing insights and recommendations for the Dutch market .


What are you bringing with you?

Studies in linguistics, computer science or another relevant subject, at least 3rd semester. Knowledge of Dutch at C2 level, very good knowledge of English (spoken and written). German is a plus, but not a must.Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.Excellent attention to detail and a passion for high-quality work.Ability to work collaboratively in an international team.Optional: Experience in natural language processing and natural understanding technologies. Optional: Experience with software development tools and working methods (e.g. Jira, Confluence, Kanban, Scrum).


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy working in an international team? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from November 18th, 2024

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working Student BMW Speech - Language Engineering Dutch (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: Development of individual customer requirements

Job ID: 143166

Release date: 10/22/2024

Internship/thesis