
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4061323310

Werkstudent Field Operational Test und Human Factors (w/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​vehicle safety development with a focus on customer studies and the safety assessment of automated driving functions.

What awaits you?

As part of your working student position, you will actively support our team in processing orders in the field of vehicle safety. Your tasks will include supporting customer studies in the area of ​​human factors. This includes, among other things, the preparation of test data as well as qualitative and quantitative evaluation using various metrics and tools .You support us in the management of our real vehicle test vehicles and their measurement technology for customer studies. The general support of our team of experts in the evaluation of driver assistance systems and automated driving functions with regard to vehicle safety rounds off the activity. 


What are you bringing with you?

You are studying in a natural sciences or humanities course and are enthusiastic about the automotive sector. You also have very good knowledge of MS Office and already have initial programming experience. A conscientious and independent way of working as well as the ability to work in a team round off your profile.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 17, 2025

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working Student Field Operational Test and Human Factors (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: vehicle safety

Job ID: 144767

Release date: 10/28/2024

Internship/thesis