
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4062323655

Junior Project Manager (m/f/d)



This is WITRON

The WITRON Group is the strong partner for highly automated logistics systems. From planning to implementation and maintenance. Our teams – responsible for much more than just mechanics, electronics, mechatronics and IT – pay attention to the rhythm and lend a hand in our high-tech systems. Professional, well equipped, with full power for the right solution.

As part of the WITRON Group, WITRON Service GmbH & Co. KG stands for many years of experience and expertise in service, maintenance and operation of logistics systems.

We offer you

Performance-related remuneration Regular salary adjustment and profit sharing Work-life balance Depending on your area of ​​activity, you can work from home on a proportionate basis or opt for a benefit in kind. 30 days of vacation, flextime and overtime compensation give you more flexibility. Healthy, balanced, heavily subsidized lunch in our canteens, fitness and massage offers, health care, modern work equipment, hardware, etc. Security, a future-proof job in a crisis-proof, innovative industry

Your role in our team

Active support for the development of our international locations in the area of ​​automated intralogistics as well as monitoring the implementation of projects in the service environment on schedule, on time and within budget. Internal coordination of the participating departments as well as external service providers and customers as the first point of contact (m/f/d) for the interdisciplinary teams. Implementation of our service processes as well as ensuring our quality standards, documentation of project progress, reporting on project status and escalation management, support with personnel recruitment/selection and onboarding of the new teams on site If you are interested and suitable, you have the opportunity to develop into a sales engineer (m/f/d).

You fit in well with us

Technical studies, for example mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, industrial engineering, logistics, alternatively technical training as a mechanic, electronics technician (each m/f/d) in conjunction with further training to become a master/technician or technical business economist (each m/f/d) Ideally, first professional experience in the above-mentioned area of ​​responsibility in conjunction with a high level of technical interest and analytical thinking skills, strong communication skills in German and English as well as an engaging demeanor, a high willingness to travel (approx. 50%) and the willingness to to be trained at one of our project locations for the first few weeks

Our benefits in Parkstein

Your advantages at a glance. Discover the win-win

Your insurance is worth a lot to us. Find out more about our added value and special benefits.

Parkstein Benefit

Special benefits in Parkstein

Corporate benefits, free parking spaces, canteen, attractive occupational disability and supplementary health insurance, paid special leave, for example for family events, ...

Extra benefits

Team spirit

With us, one person is there for the other. Together we want to keep getting better. Look forward to a good team mix where the chemistry is right.

WITRON Bonus

Without the joint effort of everyone, there can be no company success. We honor your contribution by sharing the profits with you.

Social benefits

Premiums for special family events, group accident insurance – work in a crisis-proof job with a stable social network.

Top equipment

We provide you with branded work clothing. And you always work with professional tools from recognized, quality-assured manufacturers.

Corporate culture

Flat hierarchies, open doors, attractive employee events and team building measures, you culture – a company that lives modern values ​​awaits you.

Support & Opportunity

Performance is worth it here. Your potential is recognized and promoted. Even as a semi-skilled worker, you have many opportunities for advancement.

Do you still have questions?

Your local contact

Annika Müller

Your career start at WITRON is important to us. We look forward to your questions via email. Please use our online form to apply.

Write an email

+49 9602 600-227