
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4069535063

Sr. GTM Specialist GenAI Germany



Description

Are you a customer-obsessed builder with a passion for helping customers achieve their full potential? Do you have the business savvy, AI/ML (GenAI) background, and sales skills necessary to help position AWS as the cloud provider of choice for customers? Do you love building new strategic and data-driven businesses? Join the Worldwide Specialist Organization (WWSO) for the Germany team as a Business Development Specialist!

The Worldwide Specialist Organization (WWSO) is part of AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS), which is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector. We work backwards from our customer’s most complex and business critical problems to build and execute go-to-market plans that turn AWS ideas into multi-billion-dollar businesses. WWSO teams include business development, specialist and technical solutions architecture. As part of WWSO, you'll provide expertise across the entire life cycle of an AWS customer initiative, from developing ideas for new services to accelerating the adoption of established businesses. We pride ourselves on thinking big, delivering exceptional results for our customers, and working across AWS as #OneTeam.

Within WWSO, this position is a part of the Go-To-Market (GTM) Specialist team, where you will lead GTM strategy for AWS GenAI/ML within the Germany. We create sales plays, leverage partners, and build new initiatives that drive results for our customers. We provide critical feedback from customers to inform our product roadmap, and work closely with our partner network to build an ecosystem supporting our customers’ goals. In emerging areas, we play a critical role as the “first in” teams to build markets for new services, domains, or solutions. When a customer needs to innovate and requires a new way to leverage AWS, they count on us to innovate with them to build and deliver what they need.

AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS) is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers.

Key job responsibilities

 Accelerate customer adoption by defining and implementing tech domain specific GTM strategies within your assigned accounts and technology domain. Your strategies will leverage AWS Sales and our partner ecosystem. Ideate with Line of Business and C-suite leaders, building trust with your deep technical expertise, and following through to help solve their most compelling business problems. Act as the front line within your accounts for all specialist customer engagement in your tech domain. Create & articulate compelling value propositions that address specific needs of your customers. Build and innovate: Co-Develop GTM motions on new product launches and work with product teams on the creation of innovative new services. Partner with the world’s biggest system integrators to deliver on customer projects.

A day in the life

Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.

Basic Qualifications

Basic qualifications

 Bachelor's degree Experience in developing, negotiating and executing business agreements Experience in a professional field or military Experience developing strategies that influence leadership decisions at the organizational level Experience managing programs across cross functional teams, building processes and coordinating release schedules

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience interpreting data and making business recommendations Experience identifying, negotiating, and executing complex legal agreements

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred qualifications

 Experience interpreting data and making business recommendations Experience identifying, negotiating, and executing complex legal agreements

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - AWS EMEA SARL (Germany Branch) - H13

Job ID: A2693132