
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4073005969

Final thesis on driving dynamics



YOU CANNOT PREDICT THE FUTURE. BUT DEVELOP.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Only highly professional processes in dynamic teams produce innovative, cutting-edge technology. But for us, the joy of driving, from development to production, is achieved above all with fun at work and enthusiasm for the joint project. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied thesis in the field of driving dynamics. Our team deals with the functional development of steering systems. In order to assess the effectiveness of safety mechanisms in the steering in the event of a fault, the real lane deviation must be measured.

What awaits you?

Exciting driving activities for verification at the test site in Aschheim.Product-related development work on the vehicle.Handling of reference measurement technology for precise position detection.Further development of the existing evaluation tool for the highly precise determination of the real lane deviation.


Please note that you must ensure that your final thesis is supervised by a college/university.

What are you bringing with you?

Confident use of Matlab and Canape.Alternative: Experience in programming with CASL/C.Confident use of Microsoft Office.Interest in driving activities on the test site.Working independently.Knowledge of driving dynamics (single-track model).


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from March 17, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Final thesis on driving dynamics 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: chassis/driving dynamics

Job ID: 135845

Release date: 11/12/2024

Internship/thesis