
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4075538797

Marketplace Consultant



Description

More than 300 million customers shop in Amazon’s store, and every day, customers browse, purchase, and review products sold by third-party sellers right alongside products sold by Amazon. Since 2000, Amazon has offered this virtual shelf space to individuals and companies of all sizes, helping them reach hundreds of millions of customers, build their brands, and grow their business. Fast-forward to the present day, and these third-party seller products account for more than half of all units sold in our store. Expansion countries are currently in the process of intensifying their efforts, creating a dynamic and fast-paced environment to operate in.

With increasing complexity of today’s ecommerce and rise of opportunities, the Strategic Account Services Team aims to leverage the full potential of each Amazon Selling Partner on Amazon. Our team provides leading-edge strategic consultancy using a data-driven, collaborative, and customer-focused approach to support our Selling Partners to achieve their goals. Our holistic service offering addresses advice on all facets of the Amazon Marketplace including topics such as International expansion, Portfolio Optimization, Fulfillment Strategy, Product Presentation, Promotions, Advertising Strategy and Brand Building. In parallel to this strategic support, we also help our Selling Partners to solve their most pressing operational challenges.

As a Marketplace Consultant, you strategically consult your own portfolio of Selling Partners independently. Your objective is to support Selling Partners to drive their business growth and program satisfaction by working backwards from their individual targets and developing a roadmap together with your Selling Partners. In addition, you use your analytical know-how to proactively identify untapped potential of each Selling Partner. You will also support. Additionally, you will also be responsible for recruiting and onboarding Selling Partners to this new service. Last, you will be responsible of the launch of this program in your country, which entails a significant level of ambiguity and requires effective stakeholder management to coordinate across various teams.

Where We Need Your Expertise

 Selling Partner Management: Simultaneously manage a portfolio of 10-12 Selling Partners to develop individual strategies, manage timelines, expectations and owning communications. Run Business Analyses: Produce profound business recommendations and actionable insights by using a wide set of analytical tools to interpret customer data. Consultancy: Use your comprehensive Amazon knowledge to leverage our solutions for Selling Partners' objectives. Consult your Selling Partners on opportunities derived and potential business impact. Support Execution and Operational Troubleshooting: Be a proficient sparring partner to your selling partner guiding the execution of strategic plans, answer ad-hoc questions, and help overcome operational and subject-specific challenges that appear along the way. Build relationships: Gain the trust of each managed selling partner by close collaboration and delivering results. Use trust to build and maintain strong relationships with your stakeholders. Coach: Dedicate time to educate each Selling partner about Amazon’s solutions and news to enhance each Selling partner’s knowledge about Selling on Amazon. Recruit: Identify, qualify, and engage with prospective Selling Partners for AMPS based on a clear understanding of our Selling Partners and their needs. Business Reviews: Prepare and present performance deep dives to facilitate a monthly discussion around business progress, current challenges, and strategic plans with your Selling partner. Become an Expert: Own a specific subject within our service organization with the goal to support peers, invent processes/tools to the benefit of our internal and external stakeholders, e.g. Branding, Fulfillment by Amazon, Hiring, Tools, Deals and a lot more. Develop specific local requirements to ensure that standardize processes are adapted to the needs of Selling Partners in this country.

What Our Marketplace Consultants Say About The Role

 “Building a consulting program within Amazon from scratch, while advising Amazon's key Sellers on strategic growth opportunities” “Contribute to our Selling Partners' growth and satisfaction, while experiencing a unique way of working” “Full customer responsibility for a portfolio and project leadership to develop the program and your career.”

Marketplace Consultant (Full-time / Part-time)

Amazon would like to offer equal opportunities for all its employees. Therefore, this position is available in full-time and part-time for our internal candidates only. Please let the hiring manager or the recruiter know about your preference when starting the interview process.

Basic Qualifications

For this position, we expect

 Excellent English communication skills and one of the following languages: German, Hungarian, Bulgarian, Lithuanian, Estonian, Czech. Preferably, work experience in top-tier level consulting, key account management, advertising sales, B2B, digital retail / ecommerce, Business Development, Digital Marketing, Brand Management, Supply Chain Management or similar Degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Finance, Economics or a similar program from a top-tier university Strong analytical skills allowing the interpretation of complex data sets using Microsoft Excel Well-founded knowledge in strategy development and execution Proven ability to successfully attract, manage and interact with clients independently, particularly at the executive level. Ability to multi-task and to adjust priorities in a fast-paced environment Superior presentation skills to inform and influence stakeholders

Preferred Qualifications

 Account Management and paid services experience is preferred.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon EU SARL (Germany Branch)

Job ID: A2796884