
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4075629970

Working student error control/problem management vehicle intensive test (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​error control/problem management vehicle intensive testing.

What awaits you?

The focus is on supporting testing in intensive vehicle testing on existing prototypes. This includes taking part in tests in dynamic driving operations, as well as incorporating abnormalities into the problem management process (PMP) for further analysis. In addition, you are involved in the regular recording of a consolidated status for the entire fleet. As part of the job This gives you an insight into the entire future vehicles, including the vehicle functions, and helps you understand the causal chain connections.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of electrical engineering or mechatronics or comparable qualification. Self-structured way of working with high self-motivation. Analytical and solution-oriented thinking. System affinity (e.g. Office, agile methods...). Knowledge and interest in. Vehicle technology.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from December 1st, 2024

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: Suitable for full-time or part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student error control/problem management vehicle intensive test (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: quality of the entire vehicle

Job ID: 146141

Release date: November 15, 2024

Internship/thesis