
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4075628903

Intern Method Development (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​method development.

What awaits you?

As part of your internship, you will support our chassis/motorcycle vehicle dynamics team in the development and implementation of new methods and procedures in the vehicle development process. You will gain insight into the product development process in the BMW Group from the concept phase to series development. Creating and rolling out new software tools and interfaces to automate and accelerate processes for vehicle dynamics simulation and NVH simulation rounds off your exciting area of ​​responsibility.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of computer science or comparable qualification. Extensive practical experience in software development, preferably in Python, VBS, MatLab, C++ or Java. In-depth knowledge of data structures, algorithms and software design with very good analytical skills. Creativity and contribution of your own ideas in innovative software for the individual mobility of the future .


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Are you enthusiastic about new technologies and an innovative environment? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from March 3rd, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Method Development (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: chassis/driving dynamics

Job ID: 145900

Release date: November 15, 2024

Internship/thesis