
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4077437482

Lead Solution Engineer



To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.

Job Category

Sales

Job Details

About Salesforce

We’re Salesforce, the Customer Company, inspiring the future of business with AI+ Data +CRM. Leading with our core values, we help companies across every industry blaze new trails and connect with customers in a whole new way. And, we empower you to be a Trailblazer, too — driving your performance and career growth, charting new paths, and improving the state of the world. If you believe in business as the greatest platform for change and in companies doing well and doing good – you’ve come to the right place.

As a Solution Engineer, also known as a "Presales Consultant," "Sales Consultant", ”Pre -Sales Engineer” or “Sales Engineer”, you'll be a key player in the sales cycle, delivering thought leadership and owning solutions to enhance our customers' experience. You'll collaborate with colleagues, support our sales team, and translate business objectives into compelling recommendations. With your technical and sales skills, you'll present our product offerings, address objections, and inspire confidence in our technology infrastructure.

The Principal Solution Engineer will act as a trusted advisor to our customers while aiding the customer’s transformational journey.

Responsibilities

Coordinate and lead the entire solution cycle through close collaboration with other teamsUnderstand the customer’s needs, and establish Salesforce’s product as the best solution that solves unique challengesConvey a deep understanding of the client’s industry and technology as it pertains to Salesforce’s solutionsDevelop and deliver innovative custom solutions, build and present customized demos of Salesforce products including solution concepts to key decision-makers to address their business issues and needs showing business valueParticipate in all appropriate product, sales, and procedural training and certifications to acquire and maintain the knowledge vital to be effective in the positionAttain quarterly and annual objectives assigned by managementRespond efficiently to RFPsLead the technical side of the sales cycleHave a strong curiosity about growing your career and participating in our internal training programs and mentorship initiatives

Required Qualifications

Fluency in English and GermanExperience implementing Digital Transformation strategies and delivering increased success to their customersTrack record of solution engineering, consultancy, delivery, or training success for an enterprise software solution organization. We are open to a variety of backgrounds for the roleProven oral, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication and relationship skillsShown time management skills in a dynamic team environmentAbility to work as part of a team to tackle problems in dynamic, energising environmentsInquisitive, practical, and passionate about technology and sharing knowledgeLoves to be the first to know something and to understand why and how things happenGood at searching out information and experimenting, love to concentrate on a particular topic, and take on puzzlesGood at explaining ideas and finding ways to keep people’s attentionWilling and able to travel occasionallyExperience will be evaluated based on alignment to the core competencies for the role (e.g. extracurricular leadership roles, military experience, volunteer work, etc.)

Accommodations

If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.

We warmly invite applications from individuals with a severe disability status (Schwerbehinderung). Salesforce is committed to equality and creating a workplace that reflects society. We set ambitious goals for representation, emphasize accessibility and inclusion, and continuously learn and improve. Learn more about our inclusion initiatives here (https://www.salesforce.com/company/accessibility/workplace-resources/#ally-sf-benefits). In 2019, Salesforce joined The Valuable 500 to champion disability inclusion in business leadership.

Posting Statement

At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at www.equality.com and explore our company benefits at www.salesforcebenefits.com.

Salesforce is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.

﻿Salesforce welcomes all.