
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4077928679

2025 Business Development and Account Management Graduate



Description

Launch into the corporate world and build relationships with Amazon Selling Partners. Selling Partners are individuals or businesses who sell their products independently at Amazon. You'll be responsible for identifying, establishing and managing Selling Partners to enable them to reach customers around the world by providing tools to list products, resolve issues, and streamline sales.

How often can you say that your work changes the world? At Amazon, you’ll say it often. Join us and define tomorrow’s innovations in e-commerce.

Key job responsibilities

 Work at the intersection between Amazon and its Selling Partners; building and maintaining relationships with them. Provide customized strategic business advice to Selling Partners to improve their overall performance and grow sales. Work independently with other teams across the business (Advertising, Seller Support, Logistics etc.) to identify and resolve gaps and pain points for Selling Partners. Work on internal projects and new feature launches to improve the Selling Partner experience.

About The Team

If you’re insatiably curious and always want to learn more, then you’ve come to the right place. Depending on your location, country, job status and other requirements, some or all of the following benefits may be available to you as a graduate starter.

 Competitive pay At Amazon, most employees have the ability to become owners of the company through the granting and vesting of Restricted Stock Units (RSU’s) Dynamic work spaces, with free fruit! Unlimited access to internal trainings Care for your overall wellbeing, with support for your physical and mental health Real opportunity to grow your career across the organization.

Our Graduate start dates are flexible and vary throughout the year.

Applications and Assessment Process: Selected candidates will be invited to an online assessment, if successful you’ll attend a virtual interview consisting of a combination of interviews and case studies, focusing on our Leadership Principles. This selection process is subject to change and varies on role and location.

We are committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and leveraging our unique perspectives to scale our impact and grow. Amazon has 13 affinity groups (https://www.aboutamazon.com/affinity-groups), sometimes known as employee resource groups, which bring employees together across businesses and locations around the world. With executive and company sponsorship, these groups play an important role in building internal networks for creating a community, advising Amazon business units, leading in service projects, and reaching out to communities where Amazonians live and work.

Basic Qualifications

 Currently enrolled in your final year, to receive a Bachelor’s or Master’s OR have graduated within 12 months of amazon.jobs application date. Fluent written and verbal communication in German (Level - C1 or higher) and English (Level - C1 or higher)

Preferred Qualifications

 Studies within Engineering, Commerce, Business administration or similar field Knowledge in MS Office programs as Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint Analytical skills Planning, prioritization and time-management skills Ability to communicate efficiently Strong attention to detail Experience in financial analysis, retail buying, retail planning & allocation, product/project management, marketing, consulting, negotiation or supply chain is a plus Experience using analytical specific tools such as Google Analytics, SQL or HTML is a plus

Amazon values knowledge of Accessibility in relation to its products, devices, services, websites or environments, so as to be usable by people with disabilities.

EMEA AUTA Team

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Deutschland Services GmbH - A11

Job ID: A2832052