
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4085644819

Project Manager (m/f/d) – Sales Strategy, Performance Steering and Quality



You search for your next challenge in a fast, dynamic and exciting environment? You are ready to juggle a mix of different tasks ranging from strategic projects to operational initiatives? You are eager to learn and develop fast and want to be part of a very strong and diverse team within a performance driven culture? Apply now!

YOUR ROLE AT SIXT

You are part of the central project team for overarching strategic and optimization projects in the Sales/B2B division of SIXTYou work on an exciting mix of conceptual topics (such as sales strategy and planning, business cases, internationalization strategies, performance steering) and operational initiatives (such as process optimization, digitalization concepts, and quality assurance)You are responsible to plan, conceptualize and implement your projects in close alignment with the most important stakeholdersYou work on preparing communication formats, top management meetings, and coordinate collaboration across countries, channels, and divisionsYou enable our sales teams to perform at their best and proactively identify challenges and opportunities based on data insights and market developments


Your Skills Matter

 Education You have successfully completed a university degree in Economics, Business or a similar study field Background You bring professional experience in management consulting or in-house consulting or in a comparable position in (sales) strategy or a staff organization of a leading company and have gained experience in challenging cross-functional projects with multiple requirements and stakeholders Approach You are characterized by a pragmatic, analytical, team- and solution-oriented way of thinking Soft Skills and Motivation You are empathetic, want to take over responsibility and combine high self-motivation, curiosity, reliability and the determination to put your own ideas into action Tools You are proficient in using Excel and PowerPoint Communication skills You have excellent oral and written communication skills in English, fluency in German is a plus


What We Offer

 Work-life balance Enjoy 30 days of vacation and up to 50% remote work, including up to 30 days per year in European countries (EU, CH & UK), as well as flexible working hours Office Perks Stay active and healthy with our modern SIXT Gym, and various recreational activities, including a gaming area and the SIXT choir. Plus, enjoy our premium employee restaurant, offering more than just the standard canteen Support for Community Engagement Take a day each year to volunteer with the ""Drying Little Tears"" children's aid foundation, an initiative of Regine Sixt Great Employee Benefits Benefit from discounts on SIXT rent, share, ride, and SIXT+ services, car leasing offers, and special deals with partners on travel, tech, clothing, and more Mobility allowance We support you with a mobility allowance of 20€ per month Enhance your future Support with your retirement planning and capital-forming benefits


About the department:

SIXT stands for premium quality not only in regards to vehicles, but also in sales. The Customer is the King. As one of the most innovative, fastest-growing and profitable mobility providers in the world, the customer is always the focus for SIXT. Our sales department, as the most important bridge to our customers, enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products, and excellent service quality.

About us:

We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of €3.07 billion and around 9,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 222,000 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,098 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!