
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4088108686

Account Manager - Non-Endemic (MUC), Amazon Ads, Amazon Ads



Description

Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of eCommerce and advertising, offering a rich array of advertising solutions. We partner with advertisers to reach Amazon customers on Amazon.com, across our other owned and operated sites, on other high quality sites across the web, and on millions of devices. If you’re interested in joining a rapidly growing organization working to build a unique, world-class advertising group with a relentless focus on the customer, you’ve come to the right place.

We’re looking for a results oriented Account Manager who is passionate about partnering with our Non-Endemic advertisers (brands that do not sell on Amazon), educating them and helping to solve ambiguous business problems, mitigating risks before they become roadblocks. Agency or Ads experience is mandatory with experience covering brand and performance campaigns, tracking and strategy. As Account Manager, you manage and deliver against complex advertiser goals and problems to drive revenue and achieve revenue targets. You nurture customer relationships and create revenue opportunities from the advertisers you own. You’ll not only dive deep into data to understand trends, but also communicate the “why” behind results and make actionable recommendations to internal and external stakeholders. Additionally, you’ll be able to leverage Amazon’s proprietary data to provide strategic and personalized recommendations, influencing both your internal team and your external customer to facilitate them reaching their business goals. This role is highly collaborative, working with Creative, Senior Sales, Product, and Ad Tech and will drive process improvement to gain efficiency and foster collaboration. The Account Manager’s strategic digital expertise and influence is considered critical to unlocking greater value and impact for our advertisers.

Responsibilities

 Become a knowledgeable partner and leader on Amazon Advertising solutions Deliver the highest level of sales and customer service to our clients. Retain and grow revenue from existing advertisers. Drive deals to closure in a new business environment. Develop annual media strategies for growth based on overall advertiser goals and objectives Develop campaign strategies and audience engagement recommendations Evaluate success metrics and drive campaign performance using data Perform in-depth data analysis to form and deliver actionable recommendations for both short- and long-term advertising strategy Educate advertisers on performance metrics, insights, and how to drive greater results Work cross-functionally with Sales and other Amazon partners to drive incremental revenue and increase advertiser satisfaction

Basic Qualifications

 Relevant Agency experience in a client facing role including but not limited to brand and performance media and strategic planning etc. Experience in Omni-channel marketing, programmatic display/video, over-the-top (OTT), linear TV or search marketing Vertical expertise in Telco, Finance or Insurance would be valuable Influence process improvement that scales broadly; inventing and simplifying within existing processes Adept at solving problems that span business and technology Excellent organizational, relationship-building, and communication (written and verbal) skills Proven German and English skills – both verbal and written.

Preferred Qualifications

 Bachelors’ degree in Economics, Marketing, Advertising, Statistics, Engineering or Business; MBA is a plus Relevant experience in a client facing role including but not limited to digital marketing, analytics etc. Programmatic strategy and implementation experience

Are you interested? We look forward to receiving your application. Please submit your online application including your CV and covering letter.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Online Germany GmbH

Job ID: A2842675