
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4088776872

Intern international assembly planning (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the field of vehicle assembly. The production network 2 at BMW is the market development instrument for growth markets. We plan BMW production in India, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, Egypt and Brazil. In this varied and global environment, you will gain a comprehensive insight into the BMW Group's international production network.

What awaits you?

You will support us in creating new production planning concepts, defining appropriate KPIs in the project phase and designing lean procurement processes. In your role, you will help us prepare, conduct and follow up workshops with our process and project partners. You will be an active member of our assembly planning team integrated to establish new and uniform standards.


What are you bringing with you?

Studied engineering, industrial engineering, business administration with a focus on production management or a comparable course of study. Interested in production planning, project work, as well as intercultural skills. Business fluent German and good English skills. Confident use of MS Office.


Do you enjoy working in an international team? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from January 1st, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern international assembly planning (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: assembly

Job ID: 146937

Release date: 12/03/2024

Internship/thesis