
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4088157018

Working Student (m/f/d) - Allianz Consulting - Technology Empowerment - Research and Slide Creation



61216 | Inhouse Consulting | Student | Allianz Services | Full Time or Part Time | Temporary

Allianz Consulting Overview

Allianz Consulting is the internal consulting division of the Allianz Group. Based in Munich, Paris, Milan, Trivandrum, Pune, Singapore, and New York City and Minneapolis, our dedicated global teams of over 600 consultants share a joint vision: to be the consulting partner of choice for Allianz Group core segments, transforming the future of Allianz from within. We bring deep industrial and functional expertise to fulfill our clients' needs, ranging from strategy, market management, sales and distribution, IT, organization, claims and operations to central functions and Agile methodologies.

Allianz Consulting's structure focuses on competencies and delivery. Therefore, we are set-up in so called "practice areas" and "service clusters" that focus on the following topics:

 Sales Excellence  Marketing & Customer Excellence  Agile@Allianz  Resilience & IT Excellence  Digital Ecosystems  Claims Excellence  Products & Pricing  Productivity Excellence  Finance Excellence & Strategy  Legal, Data Privacy & Compliance  People Excellence 

Department Description & Job Purpose

The "Digital Ecosystem" department, in collaboration with the "Technology Empowerment" Service Cluster, is committed to enhancing the productivity and professionalism of IT organizations and empowering IT leaders to make informed decisions and achieve desired outcomes. Our mission involves

 Integrating business needs with appropriate IT expertise and solution development.  Ensuring seamless integration of IT platforms/tools, data, processes, and organizational structures.  Providing IT solutions focused on productivity that accelerate business and IT Service Management (ITSM) processes.  Offering comprehensive support from platform selection, design, and testing to release and rollout.  Managing IT portfolios, programs, and projects with an emphasis on impact, including Project Management Office (PMO) as a Service.  Exercising decision-oriented control over IT change and operational finances, identifying cost-saving opportunities.  Designing sustainable and cost-effective IT operating models based on business cases, establishing efficient organizational frameworks, considering shoring strategies, and delivering ready-to-use works council artifacts. 

In this role, you will be tasked with gathering information, aligning with several subject matter experts defining a story line and producing PowerPoint slides.

Key Responsibilities

You will join a team of consultants, working primarily independently on your daily tasks while receiving guidance from your manager and team experts. Your role will involve ensuring the high-quality completion of assigned deliverables and taking responsibility for the following activities:

 Align with subject matter experts  Research for and gather information about
 IT Platform Management & IT Service Management  IT Shoring & Org Design  IT Productivity & Finances  IT Portfolio & Project Management 
 Design, implement, and review PowerPoint Slides  Assist in creating governance structures in MS Teams  Organize team workshops and events 

Key Requirements

 Enrollment in a German University (for working student positions) or (for an internship) in a gap year. Student status throughout the duration of the contract .  Proficient in utilizing MS Office 365, including PowerPoint and Excel  Advanced skills in conducting topic research and developing storylines  Experienced in using MS Teams and SharePoint  Skilled in effectively prompting ChatGPTExperience with JIRA and Confluence is desirable  Ability to work independently and in a structured manner  Passionate about delivering high-quality solutions  Hands-on approach, strong analytical skills, and quick learning ability  Enthusiastic about working in a diverse and international team  Fluent in both written and spoken English and German  You can start in March/April and are interested in a working student position for 6 months- part time (16-20 h/week) 

What We Offer

 An attractive monthly salary  To work in a modern and open space office located in Munich  Flexible working hours  A student discount in our outstanding canteen  Free LinkedIn Learning Account and many other opportunities to develop new skills  A big student community with many options for networking  A highly talented, dynamic and international team  Job opportunities in a global company 

 Important to know 

We can only consider your application if you provide the following documents:

 Certificate of enrollment (exception gap year)  Valid Work and residence permit (for non-EU citizens).  Please check before applying if you can work with your current VISA. 

We highly welcome candidates with a genuine interest and affinity for Information Technology (IT) and Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI), as these attributes are considered valuable assets to our team.

If you already have international experience, speak German or other languages, we would love to hear more!

Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in. We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.

Join us. Let's care for tomorrow.

#AllianzServices