
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4089377856

Team leader maintenance (m/f/d)



Description

Our maintenance and repair team (Reliability Maintenance Engineering Team or RME team) is the core of Amazon's commitment to innovation. Amazon is evolving, and this team ensures that the technologies and tools we use do too. As a Senior RME Technician, you will help us stay one step ahead of developments. You use the latest technologies and identify new, efficient working methods. In this role, you will pay close attention to our processes and help ensure that we adhere to and further increase our highest security standards.

We offer

A permanent contract directly with Amazon

An attractive compensation package with restricted employee shares (restricted stock units through Amazon.com, Inc.)

Relocation bonus: At least 80 km from the location, relocation bonus of 7500 USD

Free life and disability insurance and support with company pension plans

Employee discounts on amazon.de as well as Amazon extras (e.g. discounts on travel, restaurants, entertainment, electronics, home, etc.)

Subsidized meals

Commuter benefits: Free parking, reimbursement of the cost of the Germany ticket or bike leasing offers

Family bonus (one-off payment for parents on parental leave).

Mediation services for the care of children, seniors and people with special needs

A free employee assistance program (also for family members) for advice on professional or private matters

Employees recruit employees - bonus payment of up to EUR 2,000

Excellent development opportunities in a global company

Key job responsibilities

 Best practice and assist in operating equipment and equipment with the highest safety standards Tracking equipment performance through visual inspections, condition-based monitoring and preventive maintenance actions and scheduling additional maintenance as required Responsible for, supporting and developing the technical team during their shift Resolving issues Facilities to reduce operational downtime and enable parcels to be dispatched as quickly as possible Supporting the continuous improvement of systems and standardization of processes across the EU network

A day in the life

You supervise a maintenance team within a shift and ensure that all employees have the necessary tools available and that they function properly. This includes monitoring processes to ensure regulations and guidelines are followed, as well as ensuring preventive maintenance is carried out to maximize the uptime of our assets.

Through your observations during shift work, you will make suggestions for improvements to make our systems even more efficient and productive, and implement these improvements across the EU. You will also use tools such as SCADA to monitor processes to ensure their performance and support administrative tasks in close collaboration with your managers.

You work on site in one of our logistics centers. You work shift models, which can include nights and weekends. With the knowledge and experience you gain, you will advance into further leadership positions.

Basic Qualifications

 Completed technical vocational training, recognized by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK) or Chamber of Crafts (HWK) or proof of successfully completed university studies in the field of engineering (mechanical engineering / electrical engineering or related) from a German university or recognized foreign university degrees (BA, B. Sc., MA, M. Sc., Dipl.-Ing.) Additionally, a completed qualification as an industrial master, master craftsman or state-certified/recognized technician or several years Relevant professional experience Practical experience in leading teams Experience in the automation and maintenance of conveyor systems Advanced knowledge of spoken and written German as well as basic language skills in English

Preferred qualifications

 Experience supporting third-party contractors Understanding of PLC-based control systems and regulatory compliance requirements Experience using computerized maintenance management systems to plan proactive maintenance actions and record reactive actions Degree, preferably in a technical field or business administration

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/f/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Germany S27 Transport GmbH

Job ID: A2843257