
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4090643968

OSP Solution Engineer - Germany



To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.

Job Category

Sales

Job Details

About Salesforce

We’re Salesforce, the Customer Company, inspiring the future of business with AI+ Data +CRM. Leading with our core values, we help companies across every industry blaze new trails and connect with customers in a whole new way. And, we empower you to be a Trailblazer, too — driving your performance and career growth, charting new paths, and improving the state of the world. If you believe in business as the greatest platform for change and in companies doing well and doing good – you’ve come to the right place.

Do you want to be part of an outstanding team that is selling into the world's top organizations? Come join us at the Salesforce Solution Engineering team. Through collaboration with the customer, the Products team, and Professional Services the Solutions Engineers develop thoughtful solutions that help our customers connect with their customers in new ways. This unique perspective creates an opportunity for the SE to interact with the entire customer lifecycle. If you enjoy a fast-paced environment full of exciting challenges and opportunities to build compelling Solutions then the Solution Engineering Team is the department for you. The SE world is a dynamic, constantly evolving environment where expertise in design, business consulting and technology is used every day to drive innovation.

The Solution Engineer must have a strong desire to demonstrate their technical and/or sales skills, including the ability to solicit business requirements, develop a technical sales strategy, configure and successfully demonstrate the solutions that address these requirements and provide business value.

Team Overview - Outsourced Service Provider (OSP)

The Outsourced Service Provider (OSP) Program is a strategic initiative aimed at leveraging the Salesforce platform to empower OSP Customers in delivering outsourced services at scale. This program's success hinges on strong relationships, technical expertise, and the ability to communicate the transformative potential of Salesforce's platform in an outsourced services model.

The OSP Program is designed to extend Salesforce's ecosystem by enabling OSP Customers to build, deploy, and manage business processes or operational capabilities as a service on the Salesforce platform. These OSP Customers use Salesforce to offer scalable, technology-driven solutions, effectively becoming extensions of their clients' teams.

Responsibilities

A Solution Engineer plays a pivotal role in aligning innovative strategies to technology solutions within complex accounts. This role focuses on partnering with clients and collaborating with internal team members and C-level client contacts to drive consensus on multi-product technology solutions across the various Salesforce product lines.Solutions Engineers work on a wide array of assignments including business development, operations and IT strategies, as well as executive level product demonstrations. This person must assume the role of trusted advisor for driving innovative solutions forward while also improving business performance.Business Problem Solving: Take ambiguous and sophisticated business problems and using research and business assessment capabilities, define the problem, drive innovative ideas, define the opportunity set, and recommend practical next steps.Innovation Management: Bring focus to a client's decision making process by communicating and evaluating solution options, and driving consensus among key collaborators. In some instances, we help our clients develop new decision frameworks and governance processes that continue to deliver value far beyond a particular engagement.Connect Experiences: Demonstrate through software demos and rapid prototyping how connected experiences come to life with The Salesforce Solutions. This includes the delivery of executive level software demonstrations, construction of future state customer journey strategies, and developing long term IT roadmaps."Solutioning" is fundamental to the SE role. It is important to realize that a component of the responsibilities will include assisting the customer, Account Executive and Professional Services team with the discovery, analysis and ultimately the recommendation of strategic solutions for the customer by delivering transformational pitches based in live product demonstrations to validate. These Solutions will use all of the Salesforce technologies to address the core challenges and objectives that are uniquely identified for each customer.Discover the customer's business needs, and position the best Salesforce solution to achieve those business objectivesBuild and present customized solutions and demonstrations focused on Salesforce products to multiple customer personas showing how Salesforce will accelerate their business strategies and a path to value.Convey a deep understanding of the customer's architecture as it pertains to Salesforce's solutionsOrchestrate and lead cross-functional solutions guides, and align them to the opportunity strategyDevelop and deliver the story of the customer experience aided by Salesforce technologiesParticipate in all appropriate product, sales, and procedural training and certifications to acquire and maintain the knowledge vital to be effective in the positionAbility to travel based on territory alignment and region.

Required Qualifications

B.S. Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent relevant experience required. Experience will be evaluated based on the core competencies for the role (e.g. extracurricular leadership roles, military experience, volunteer roles, work experience, etc.)Knowledge of related applications, relational database and web technologySolid oral, written, presentation, collaboration and interpersonal communication skillsAbility to work as part of a team to solve technical problems in varied political environmentsMinimum of 4 years of professional experienceGerman and English language skills

Preferred Qualifications

Salesforce CertificationsPrevious experience as a solution/sales engineer for a CRM company or similar technology

Accommodations

If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.

We warmly invite applications from individuals with a severe disability status (Schwerbehinderung). Salesforce is committed to equality and creating a workplace that reflects society. We set ambitious goals for representation, emphasize accessibility and inclusion, and continuously learn and improve. Learn more about our inclusion initiatives here (https://www.salesforce.com/company/accessibility/workplace-resources/#ally-sf-benefits). In 2019, Salesforce joined The Valuable 500 to champion disability inclusion in business leadership.

Posting Statement

At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at www.equality.com and explore our company benefits at www.salesforcebenefits.com.

Salesforce is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.

﻿Salesforce welcomes all.