
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4091923920

Dual student (f/m/x) Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (B.Sc.)



AT THE DUAL UNIVERSITY HEIDENHEIM TOGETHER WITH BMW BANK GMBH IN MUNICH (DATA MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT).

At BMW Bank GmbH, a 100% subsidiary of BMW AG, we are passionate about giving our customers the joy of driving with modern financial solutions. As part of BMW Financial Services, a division of the BMW Group, we are one of the most successful providers in our industry as a provider of financial services in the automotive banking sector.

We offer you the opportunity to complete a dual course of study in the field of data science and artificial intelligence. By joining us in the data management department, you have the opportunity to help shape our path to becoming a data-driven bank as part of a committed and dynamic team. You will learn the basics for structured, effective and quality-assured collection, processing and use of financial and risk data and the use of this data when using artificial intelligence in an automotive bank.

You will also gain extensive knowledge of the regulatory requirements in practice, which will complete and round off your profile. Not only are you in contact with data and AI-savvy specialists and IT specialists in the company, but you also gain a well-founded insight into the entire BMW Bank organization.

What awaits you?

The best of both worlds: You gain in-depth specialist knowledge in the Data Science and Artificial Intelligence degree program and at the same time valuable practical experience with us in Munich. The dual course of study takes place in a block model, lasts 3 years, and has a Bachelor of Science degree. Interesting and extensive insights into data -, AI and IT environment of a bank. Application of theoretical learning content in practice, e.g. B. by using a programming language in the area of ​​AI.Departments that look forward to your support.Great opportunities for your individual development and further training with regular feedback discussions and a training plan tailored to you. Individual training in every practical phase.Personal support from a mentor during your training.Possibility for an assignment abroad (in one of our foreign branches/subsidiaries).In-depth specialist knowledge as part of the writing of your bachelor's thesis in the final year of study.


What are you bringing with you?

You are interested in data management and analysis, artificial intelligence, financial topics and IT.You have analytical and mathematical skills and a high affinity for data analysis.You would like to use these skills to find practical, AI-driven solutions for our company.You You enjoy working with numbers, data and facts. You have a high degree of initiative and organizational skills. You are involved in extracurricular projects or have gained experience through your first internships. You are completing your (technical) university entrance qualification or Graduated from high school with good results.


What do we offer you?

Opportunity to be taken over after a successful, good degree.Large network of young target groups.Attractive remuneration.Rent subsidy for your apartment in Heidenheim during attendance times there.Flexible working hours.Mobile work if required.Fitness and leisure activities.30 days of vacation.And much more.


Are you enthusiastic about data, AI and digitalization in banking? Apply now and complete your online application with a cover letter, CV and your last two school certificates or proof of your (technical) university entrance qualification.

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity

Application period: from now on

Start date: from September 1st, 2025

Duration: until September 30, 2028 (3 years).

Working time: 39 hours (dual studies in block model)

Contact:

BMW Bank GmbH

Ms Cleves, +49-89-3184-4221

Dual student (f/m/x) Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (B.Sc.) 

Corporate division: BMW Bank GmbH

Location: Munich

Area of ​​work: financial transactions

Job ID: 137581

Release date: 12/06/2024

Internship/thesis