
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4091926579

Intern Project Management Vehicle Project Rolls Royce (f/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​exterior and interior development at Rolls-Royce Motorcars.

What awaits you?

As part of your internship, you will support the analysis of component weights and the plausibility of the results with other derivatives. The timing and preparation of top management reports as well as the co-design and implementation of consistent procedures and standards in the management of our vehicle projects, with an increased focus on agile methods, are important also related to your area of ​​activity. We also need your active help with subtasks. You will also support fleet management. You will help with security planning and testing You will get to know benchmark comparisons with competitors. Planning and moderating workshops on cost and weight reduction with the process partners rounds off your area of ​​responsibility.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of engineering, natural sciences or economics or a comparable course of study.Diploma/bachelor's degree or master's degree.Skilled in using MS Office.Fluent in German and English.Teamwork and communication skills as well as analytical thinking.Enthusiasm for vehicles.Class B driving license.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 1st, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern Project Management Vehicle Project Rolls Royce (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: Strategy / Project Management

Job ID: 147207

Release date: 12/06/2024

Internship/thesis