
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4092406794

Product Manager



FINN drives change for people, organizations and the planet through frictionless mobility. Offering convenient and flexible car subscriptions, we bring a true e-commerce experience to car ownership and accelerate the arrival of electric mobility. Join our fast-growing scale-up to make FINN the natural choice in Germany. We work with the best car brands in the world and are backed by leading global investors.

Your Role 

As Product Manager at FINN, you will be responsible for the end-to-end product process from setting the vision to understanding our biggest challenges to delivering your new ideas. In short: You enable us to provide the best customer experience for more than 50,000 cars on the road!

Why FINN?

Flexibility to work either in our Munich office or remotely ±1 hours of the CET/CEST timezone. Relocation support for you and your family. Excellent fixed salary, significant virtual equity share of the company, along a yearly personal development budget of 1,500€.An open-minded community to be welcomed from day one and fun team events with amazing colleagues.Access to discounted gym memberships and attractive mobility options (e.g. discounts for FINN cars via JobAuto or tax benefits via JobRad).


Your Responsibilities

Own the product vision and roadmap for our product: Shape all product decisions that influence the experience of our customers as well as efficiency of our business. With your expertise, you ensure smooth processes and provide transparency about every car being with our customers.Develop and leverage a deep understanding of processes: Build in-depth knowledge of our processes, including close collaboration with our external partners, and customers’ needs through direct engagement and data analysis. Understand where we can optimize our processes and improve our customer experience. Share your knowledge and enable your peers: You collaborate closely with your multi-disciplinary team of Engineering, Automation, and Data to build and iterate on your products together, closely collaborating with business stakeholders. You close the feedback loop and nurture alignment to create a shared vision.Critically question and analyze: With your profound product management skills, your team is responsible for building and enabling technology that solves user issues and achieves team goals. Working jointly with the team’s Engineering Manager, you prioritize and define requirements to bring our systems to the next level, while always seizing opportunities for automation.


Your Profile

Experience in product management, collaborating with technical and business teams.Previous experience in an agile, high-growth environment, preferably logistics, fleet management, mobility, or similar.Entrepreneurial mindset, with a passion for building both functional and beloved internal and customer-facing tools in close partnership with the users.Highly structured and analytical working style with demonstrated experience in turning data into actionable insights. Data is your friend and validator.Outstanding communication skills and the ability to break down complex issues into understandable and actionable steps, especially also in working with external suppliers and partners.Strong growth mindset and the motivation to continuously deliver value with a lean mindset.Fluency in English. German is a plus.


Your Paths

Growth: As a Product Manager in our Growth Team, you lead the growth of our Fleet Management Software to create valuable solutions for our B2B customers. You own the discovery and prioritization for further development of our Business Portal, working with :10,000 active B2B subscriptions. Your efforts help businesses manage their fleets smoothly and grow successfully with FINN.Operations: As a Product Manager in our Operations Team, you shape all product decisions for our active fleet that influence the experience of our customers as well as efficiency of our Fleet Managers. You ensure that we have a seamless best-in-class customer experience and our processes are running silky-smooth and are highly scalable. This includes building integrations with our partners, internal tools for our Fleet Managers, and customer-facing solutions.


€50,000 - €83,000 a year

Associate Product Manager €50,000 to €63,000

Product Manager €63,000 to €73,000

Senior Product Manager €73,000 to €83,000

Factors that may influence an employee's pay within this range include, but are not limited to, their experience, skills, qualifications, certifications, education level, seniority, and performance. The compensation for this role will be within the range of €50,000 to €73,000 + VSOP, depending on the factors described above, as assessed during the interview process. This is the lowest and highest salary that we in good faith believe to be fair for this role at the time of this posting. This compensation range may be subject to change in the future.

Interested in Joining Our Fast-Growing Startup? 

Please upload your CV and transcripts online. Ollie, Torben and Anna are looking forward to your application!

Equal Opportunities for Everyone

FINN is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We are open to all groups of people without regard to age, color, national origin, race, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristics.