
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4094690478

Electrical Engineer (m/f/d)



We are the world market leader for reusable packaging containers (RPCs) for fresh food and are constantly optimizing our products.

We help make the food supply cycle for the population more sustainable. With our RPCs, safety for food transport is improved, there is less waste of food and at the same time the lifespan of the products increases. Through our products and the need for less packaging materials we reduce the carbon footprint.

„The future is circular“

Key responsibilities: 

Stay informed about new technologies and trends at Internet-of-Things (IoT), especially at technologies for track & trace.Define requirements to hardware in cooperation with other business departments of IFCO.Lead and oversee the design and development of hardware at suppliers.Validate hardware and approve it for IFCO use cases.Build minimum valuable products for track & trace, both on a hardware and a software side.Successful development of new hardware and trends.Create various proof-of-concept models and MVPs.Approve new hardware based on key project milestones.

We expect: 

University degree in electrical engineering or computer science.Several years of experience in hardware development, preferred in track & trace technologies/Internet-of-things.Hardware design, especially selection of electrical components like batteries and SoCs.Very good knowledge of wireless technologies (i.e. RFID, Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy, 5G networks) and Software development (i.e. C, Python).Very good analytical skills for the identification of the right data for the requirements.Ability to conduct requirements analysis and support the design of hardware solution.Advanced project management skills, efficient organizational abilities to meet timeframe deadlines.Language skills: Fluent in English, German is nice to have.

We offer:

An area of responsibility with the opportunity to contribute within a sustainable and crisis-proof industry.Appreciative and respectful interactions within an international team (attested by our employees).Flat hierarchies and short decision paths.Continued flexible working models even after Corona: hybrid work and workation.Online canteen from Bella & Bona with weekly changing selection (subsidized by IFCO).Extensive training opportunities with unlimited LinkedIn Learning.Employee Support Program.Modern offices and good accessibility via public transport (train station right in front of the door).Technical equipment for mobile work options.Complimentary beverages and on-site fitness center.Parking in the underground car park.

At IFCO, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. IFCO is an equal opportunity employer.

We are looking forward to receiving your application.