
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4095209892

Technical Project Manager (f/m/d)



Snapshot of your day

As a technical project manager (f/m/d), you will take responsibility for the technical and economic processing of high-voltage switchgear until successful commissioning. You work closely with customers and partners from the areas of engineering, manufacturing, scheduling, logistics, planning, sales, research and development (R&D) as well as measurement and control technology (I&C).

How you can make a difference

Project management in the area of ​​gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) Responsible for the technical and economic processing of high-voltage switchgear through to successful commissioning and warranty for our customers. Direct cooperation with customers and partners from the areas of engineering, manufacturing, scheduling, logistics, planning, sales, R&D, I&C attention and Implementation of risk, opportunity and claim management 


What you bring with you

Successfully completed university degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering or industrial engineeringSeveral years of professional experience in project work in the energy industry, as well as commissioning/installation of high-voltage systemsSeveral years of experience in processing and production processesVery good technical knowledge of GIS products and systemsVery good knowledge of health and safety regulations, claim- and risk management as well as contract law. Fluent in spoken and written German and English, as well as very good knowledge of MS Office and SAP


Grid Technologies

Due to the increasing share of renewable energies, the growing demand for energy, the outdated infrastructure and the increasing complexity, new connections are needed. But the existing networks also need to be retrofitted and renewed in order to support the energy transition.

Watch this video to find out more about Grid Technologies https://www.siemens-energy.com/global/en/offerings/power-transmission.html

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We cover the growing energy needs in over 90 countries and ensure our climate is protected. With over 92,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the world's population, but also use our technology to protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable and affordable energy a reality by continually pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We are proud of our 150-year heritage of innovation, which encourages us to look for people who support our focus on carbon reduction, new technologies and energy transition.

Find out more about how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our commitment to diversity 

It's a good thing we're not all the same. Diversity makes us powerful. We thrive on inclusion and our shared creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy relies on character - regardless of ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity or disability. We power society - all of society - and we do not discriminate based on differences that exist between us.

Benefits

In addition to an attractive, market-based compensation package, you can expect an attractive employer-financed company pension plan. We also offer the opportunity to become a shareholder of Siemens Energy at very interesting employee conditions. Under our motto #BetterTogether, we offer our employees the opportunity to work flexibly and remotely. But our offices also leave nothing to be desired and offer space for inspiring collaboration and creativity. The professional and personal development of our employees is very important to us. With us you have the opportunity to learn and develop yourself. A variety of attractive programs and measures are available for this purpose. We have a wide range of offerings under the aspect of “compatibility of family and work”, e.g. flexible working time models, childcare places at many locations, the possibility of trial part-time work or even a sabbatical


We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs 

#SGEOPENROLE

#RPO