
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4096501499

Project Coordinator (f/m/d) - Technical Documentation Automotive



Position Summary

As support for the Memory Technical Account Management team, you will play an important role in enabling customer projects based on successful design of Samsung products.

Your dedicated contribution to a flawless Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) helps us to improve customer experience and provide quality products. You will work closely with technical experts to provide efficient customer communication. You will track projects and support their timely achievement.

Role And Responsibilities

Support of the paperwork in the Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) and contract management, diligent technical documentation within regulatory standards is neededTrack the progress of projects, track and support the timely achievement of milestonesEnsure smooth communication flow within project teams, technical account management, Sales and Korean stakeholdersCoordinate trips/tours for Samsung product promotion and business travel 


Skills And Qualifications

Commercial qualification or a Bachelor Degree in Economics, Engineering or similar, ideally topped up with a recognized certificate or courses in Project ManagementFirst working experience in the automotive or aviation industry to better understand technical necessitiesExperience working in a customer-facing positionGood analytical understanding, very good MS ExcelExperience preparing quality presentations for internal & customer updatesSelf-starter with ability to work under minimum supervisionStrong verbal and written communication skillsAbility to work in a multi-cultural environmentGood written and spoken English, additional languages are a plus


What We Offer

Samsung is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. In our European headquarters, you will be part of a dynamic team, in an international work environment. Being one of the best in the industry comes with hard work, but we also make it rewarding through:

A competitive and attractive compensationFree breakfast and subsidized lunchFlexible working hours and work-from-home opportunityHealth and wellbeing programsVarious company events and team activities


About Us

Samsung Semiconductor Europe operates offices all over Europe, Middle East & Africa and handles the marketing and sales activities of Samsung Electronics' Device Solutions business including Memory, System LSI, Foundry, LED and Display for various applications including servers, data centers, mobile, industrial and automotive. Together, we drive innovation, foster a dynamic work environment, and empower our multi-cultural and diverse talents to excel in their roles, promoting an environment where creativity and collaboration thrive. We take immense pride in our commitment to excellence, making a difference in the lives of people through technological innovation and state-of-the-art products that shape the world around us.

Equal Opportunity Employment Policy

Samsung Semiconductor is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcomed and empowered to do their best work. We hire the best talent for our teams, regardless of race, religion, color, age, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, ancestry, genetic information, marital status, national origin or political affiliation. Our focus is on hiring teammates with humble expertise, kindness, dedication and a willingness to embrace challenges and learn together every day.

Dear Applicant,

Compliance is one of our top priorities. Therefore, please note that you must not disclose any trade secrets or any other confidential information, which you are aware of from your current or previous employers, during the application procedure.Thank you for your understanding and compliance!

 Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location, at: https://account.samsung.com/membership/policy/privacy. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. If you are European Economic Resident, please click here: https://europe-samsung.com/ghrp/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html