
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4097320593

Lead Retail Associate – 37.5h - Piding (w/m/d)



NIKE Retail CareersNike Lead Retail Stores Associate (Lead Athlete) full-time
NIKE, Inc. doesn't just equip the best athletes in the world - we discover potential, overcome limitations and push to the limit and beyond. We are looking for people who learn and think, dream and create. Our corporate culture thrives on diversity and imagination. We need talented colleagues, leaders and visionaries. At Nike, Inc., everyone contributes their skills and pure passion to a constantly changing and growing challenge. Working in stores means being the face of NIKE, Inc. With a constant focus on product knowledge and customer service, our store teams ensure valuable shopping experiences every day. From London to Istanbul, each store is unique and has its own exciting community of sport and style enthusiasts. A career in retail at NIKE requires creativity and ambition, while we give you the opportunity to develop and excel alongside the best athletes and team members.
Do you know what we need to create the best retail team in the world? Someone like YOU!
In our NIKE retail stores, we use special job titles for our positions: a store manager is the “Head Coach,” an assistant store manager is the “Assistant Head Coach,” a department head is a “Coach,” a team leader is a “Lead,” and employee “Athletes” are on sale. Join the NIKE, Inc. team!
As a lead you will:
Use your expertise in the area of ​​exclusive customer service and product knowledge to create a special brand experience for our buyers. Coordinate, coach and motivate the employees in your area and ensure an excellent working atmosphere. Support the management of the daily business in your area in order to Achieve sales goals (including digital services, visual merchandising, sales space, advertising campaigns).Identify problems and create appropriate solutions together with your store leadership team.Ensure that all NIKE standards and guidelines are adhered to.One brand Be an ambassador for NIKE initiatives.
To be precise, our store structure consists of the following 3 lead roles:
COMMERCIAL
Support a team that works efficiently from receiving to inventory accuracy to visual presentation standards.Ensure a smooth door-to-floor process for all products to ensure the sales floor is always stocked, presentable and brand standards are met.Together Work with the department manager overseeing the individual components (merchandise receiving and presentation) while being responsible for visual merchandising. Be responsible for the implementation of monthly NIKE initiatives and provide regular feedback Use reporting tools together with your coach to make the best decisions from a commercial perspective. Set an example to achieve accurate inventory figures and meet digital requirements.
ATHLETE EXPERIENCE
Ensuring the team is best equipped to ensure a high quality Athlete Experience (Purpose).Work with your coach to plan team engagement in NIKE Community Ambassador activities.Work with your store leadership team, assisting in hiring processes and Involved in the onboarding of new employees. Work with your store coach to create work plans taking into account availability, areas of operation and postings. Work with the store team to implement and maintain a positive NIKE culture.
CONSUMER EXPERIENCE
Lead by example to ensure excellent service on the sales floor and bring the consumer journey to life. Provide the resources to ensure the team is knowledgeable about the NIKE brand, consumer service and digital services. Complete specific training and share knowledge of Athlete Services.Use data and analytics to gain deeper insights and achieve continuous improvement in collaboration with the Store Leadership Team.
What you get:
An attractive salary that does justice to the market and your experienceThe chance of a quarterly bonus paymentEmployee discounts in the store and in the online shopExciting development and career opportunitiesRegular sales and product trainingA dynamic and motivating working environment with flat hierarchies in which the values ​​of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) Be livedEmployee clothing, with which you represent NIKE and promote team spiritAccess to exclusive training contentThe opportunity to take part in unique NIKE events
What you bring:
The passion for NIKE and/or the love of sport3 years or more of experience in retail1 year or more of experience as a team leaderVery good knowledge of German and English (spoken and written)Good communication and teamwork skillsYou are well organized and can set prioritiesProactivity, openness and motivation and a passion for always putting our customers first. Willingness to work weekends and shifts
Watch this video to discover more about the atmosphere in our stores and learn about our store traditions. Have we piqued your interest and would you like to support us in our mission “To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world”. ? Apply now, simply online. We are waiting for you!