
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4097329265

Working student instrument panel with innovative cutting-edge technology (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​dashboards with innovative, cutting-edge technology. This can only be developed in dynamic teams with highly professional processes. But fun at work and enthusiasm for the product from development to production are also important prerequisites for this.

What awaits you?

As part of your job, you will be involved in the development of new technologies in the dashboard including interior lighting for BMW, MINI and Rolls Royce. Participation in the development of development guidelines and participation in day-to-day operational business round off your exciting area of ​​responsibility.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of engineering or a comparable course of study. Confident use of MS Office. Class B driving license. Team and communication skills. Enjoy working independently. Confident demeanor and organizational talent. Structured way of working.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 1st, 2025

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student instrument panel with innovative cutting-edge technology (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: driving experience place

Job ID: 148662

Release date: 12/12/2024

Internship/thesis