
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4099934514

Working Student Spare Parts Management (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the area of ​​spare parts management. The BMW Group Spare Parts Management is responsible for ensuring the supply of spare parts for historic vehicles in the BMW, MINI, motorcycle and historic motorsport sectors.

What awaits you?

As a working student in BMW Group Spare Parts Management, you will help ensure the supply of spare parts for historic vehicles in the areas of BMW cars, MINIs, motorcycles and historic motorsports. As part of your job, you will oversee a range of parts in spare parts management for historic vehicles at the BMW Group Classic. You support all material planning and procurement functions with your own range of parts and thus continue to ensure the supply of car spare parts. Day-to-day business includes reducing customer backlogs, maintaining and expanding monthly reporting and master data maintenance. In addition, after the go-live of our new Price Master tool, you will support the team in price harmonization of the price landscape. Support in the technology team regarding data compilation for new tenders for part reproductions in collaboration with various interface partners rounds off your exciting area of ​​responsibility away.


What are you bringing with you?

Studies in the field of mechanical engineering, automotive or electrical engineering.Business knowledge in the areas of cost accounting, value analysis and price calculation.Very good knowledge of MS Office.Fluent in German and English.SAP knowledge desirable.Technical understanding of parts; Passion and specialist knowledge for young and classic cars. Teamwork and networking skills, cross-process and analytical thinking skills.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 3rd, 2025

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working Student Spare Parts Management (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: Aftersales Sales

Job ID: 146737

Release date: 12/13/2024

Internship/thesis