
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4102998043

Working student implementation of digitalization measures/projects in the area of ​​cost engineering (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position for the implementation of digitalization measures/projects in the area of ​​cost engineering

What awaits you?

Support in the implementation of digitalization measures and projects in the area of ​​cost engineering. Identification of use cases of artificial intelligence (in particular machine learning) in the area of ​​cost engineering to calculate the costs of a vehicle, an assembly, or individual components. General research on digital innovations and trends.Creation, support and further development of our cloud-based collaboration and knowledge management platform (Microsoft SharePoint & Atlassian Confluence), especially in vehicle developments (so-called early ones Phase), and vehicle comparisons (so-called benchmarks).Creation and maintenance of SharePoint websites and Confluence spaces, templates and structures.Definition and maintenance of authorizations and access rights for users and groups in SharePoint & Confluence.Training of employees in the effective use of Microsoft 365 and Atlassian Confluence.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of computer science, business informatics, (business) engineering or a comparable course of study. IT affinity and interest in topics such as knowledge management, digitalization & IT as well as project management. Programming knowledge in Python, C++ or comparable programming languages. Good knowledge of using BI tools ( e.g. Power BI, Tableau) and database management (e.g. SQL).Strong analytical thinking and the ability to understand and visualize complex relationships.Experience and more confident Dealing with collaboration tools such as MS Teams, SharePoint, Atlassian JIRA/Confluence. Good knowledge of spoken and written German and English.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 1st, 2025

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: Suitable for full-time or part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student implementation of digitalization measures/projects in the area of ​​cost engineering (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: Cost Engineering

Job ID: 149301

Release date: 12/17/2024

Internship/thesis