
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4102818846

Working student in operational safety and functional safety (f/m/x)



NORMAL EMPLOYEES JUST AREN'T NORMAL ELSEWHERE.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied working student position in the areas of operational safety and functional safety. Our team of safety experts is the staff department at BMW for the topic of functional safety for E/E systems and operational safety, from window regulators to automated driving.

What awaits you?

Conception and development of a knowledge database on the subject of functional safety (programming activities). Support in the organizational-planning task environment as well as in technical tasks. Standardization of safety-related development activities. Support in recording the implementation status of safety measures.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of computer science, mathematics, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable course of study. IT/programming knowledge in at least one of the following technologies: Python, Javascript, VBA. Team and communication skills. Analytical and conceptual thinking skills, structured and creative way of working. Business fluent knowledge of German and English .


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 3rd, 2025

Duration: 12 months

Working hours: part-time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Working student in operational safety and functional safety (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: vehicle safety

Job ID: 147741

Release date: 12/16/2024

Internship/thesis