
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4103771122

Manager Growth Platform Digital - Focus Automotive (OEM Background) (w/m/d)



At Capgemini Engineering, the world's leading provider of engineering services, we bring together a global team of engineers, scientists and architects to help the world's most innovative companies realize their potential. From autonomous cars to life-saving robots, our digital and software technology experts think outside the box and provide unique R&D and engineering services for all industries. Join us and have a career full of opportunities. Where you can make a difference. Where no two days are the same.

Your role

Entry into our Growth Platform Digital Engineering, with a focus on innovation and digitalization of manufacturing and product development processes in order to revolutionize the industry through intelligent, networked, digital products and systems. Support in pre-sales and sales activities for the digital transformation of our automobiles OEM customers and support in a responsible position in the first few months. Offer development and creation and presentation of customer presentations. Further development of technology solutions in the areas of digital continuity/PLM, smart factory and data & AI, as well as coordination with the Subject matter experts to ensure details for solutions and describe them correctly in offers. Support the sales teams in creating technical solution concepts and presentations for RFPs and sales documents. Project collaboration, customer relationship maintenance, business acumen as well as actively promoting and further developing “digital engineering” portfolio elements in the sales organization.


Your profile

A completed degree in a relevant area such as industrial engineering, business administration, strategic management or a comparable degree as well as industrial experience in the automotive industry. A sound understanding of automotive processes in order to be able to assess the potential for digital continuity/PLM, smart factories and data & AI. Knowledge of relevant technologies such as Digital Continuity/PLM, Smart Factory and Data & AI as well as experience in customer relationship management and long-term customer loyalty. Leadership skills and the ability to coordinate between different units (Industrial units, department, Capgemini Group).High motivation to drive forward the technological transformation of the industry and a proactive way of working.Strong communication skills and very good knowledge of German and English.


What you will appreciate with us

An environment in which you can continually develop. Our range of continuing education programs is designed to help you discover a world full of possibilities - be it through subject-specific training, mentoring or innovative projects. Compatibility of work and private life: Work flexibly - depending on the project assignment and coordination within the team, you have the opportunity to be flexible in location and to work flexitime at various locations. Diversity ensures inspiration and innovation in our company - work in a diverse and open team that relies on mutual support and exchange.


Not a 100% match? No need to worry! Capgemini Engineering supports you with a wide range of learning opportunities so that you can develop both professionally and personally.

WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING YOU

Do you have questions about the job profile and/or the requirements? Please contact your contact person in recruiting.

Aria Bakhtiar, Recruiter Capgemini Engineering Deutschland S.A.S. & Co. KG

+4915259425751

Aria.Bakhtiar@capgemini.com

Please fill out our online application form completely and attach your CV, work and (college) school certificates and, if necessary, other certificates.

We wish you much success!