
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4103669469

Avionics System Engineer (f/m/d)



Welcome to Capgemini Engineering, the world leader in engineering and R&D projects. As a consulting and services company, we help the world's most innovative companies realise their full potential: From autonomous cars to life-saving robots, we think outside the box across a wide range of industries.

We are looking for you for our Systems Engineering & Product Design team! Together we take abstract product ideas and turn them into working products, managing the development process throughout its lifecycle and efficiently meeting customer requirements using modern tools and methods.

Join us and take the opportunity to shape your career at Capgemini Engineering and experience every working day with enthusiasm!

Your Tasks And Responsibilities With Us

You develop and integrate complex technical solutions for safety-critical electronical systems in the aerospace domain.You will coordinate customer-related activities regarding the avionics architecture and the qualification process of different system variants in close collaboration with a diverse team characterized by a culture of mutual respect and support. You analyze, determine and decompose system requirements.You develop avionics system concepts and system design changes in accordance to stakeholder demands to improve the functionality and performance. You are responsible for problem report analysis and ensuring traceability following systems engineering development processes, contributing to overall system reliability and safety. 


That's What Makes Our Working Culture Special

An environment in which you can constantly develop yourself. Our range of training programs are designed to help you discover a world of opportunities - be it through specialist training, mentoring or innovative projects. Work-life balance: Work flexibly - depending on the project assignment and agreement within the team, you have the opportunity to work flexibly in terms of location and flexitime at various locations. Diversity ensures inspiration and innovation in our company - work in a diverse and open team that relies on mutual support and exchange. 


You Convince Us With

Degree in electrical or aerospace engineering, systems engineering or a comparable field with at least 5 years of work experience in Avionics (military or commercial).Knowledge of aeronautical standards like ARP 4754A, ARP 4761, DO-178C and communication protocols like ARINC 429 or MIL-STD 1553b.Willingness and ability to carry out a background check in accordance with LuftSiG7 and to obtain a security clearance Ü2.Systems Thinking Mindset, independent and structured way of working, team capability.Very good communication skills and negotiable level of English is essential, German skills are an advantage, enabling you to communicate effectively in an international and diverse team. 


Not a 100% match? No need to worry! Capgemini Engineering supports you with a wide range of learning opportunities so that you can develop both professionally and personally.

WE LOOK FORWARD TO MEETING YOU

Do you have any questions about the job profile and/or requirements?

Please get in touch with your contact person in Recruiting.

Natalie Natho, Recruiter Capgemini Engineering Deutschland S.A.S. & Co. KG

49 (0) 176 1778 2047


natalie.natho@capgemini.com

Please fill in our online application form completely and attach your CV, work and school certificates as well as any other relevant documents.

We wish you every success for your application.