
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104084727

SAP Test & Cut-Over Manager (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as SAP Test & Cut-Over Manager (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youTransformation - You plan and coordinate test and cut-over activities in large SAP transformation projects.Strategy - You develop test strategies, scenarios and plans for a successful SAP S/4HANA implementation and implement them.Planning - You create detailed cut-over plans for a smooth system transition including data migration.Risk management - you identify and manage risks during the test and cut-over phasesCommunication - you work closely with various stakeholders, including project managers, developers and end users, to ensure clear communication and effective implementation.  What you bring with you: You have completed a degree and have several years of experience in SAP test or cut-over management, ideally in the context of SAP S/4HANA implementations. You have in-depth knowledge of SAP testing procedures, test automation and cut-over management. Strategies.Ideally, you already have experience in leading and coordinating project teams or in the application of project management methodologies.Very good written and spoken German and English skills round off your profile.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. You also benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios, an Urban Sports Club membership and a subsidized JobTicket (Germany Ticket).Health - your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.   At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our ERP transformation team, you advise customers on the introduction of their individual ERP solutions. You support the optimization and digitalization of the entire process chain from finance, sales and purchasing to logistics and production and accompany you on the way to your ideal solution for resource planning. You will get to know companies in exciting industries and a wide variety of projects, from strategic preliminary studies to global rollouts. Become part of our team and support our customers throughout the entire ERP transformation project cycle!  ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Charlotte Dickel on +49 69 9585-2222.