
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104085452

Trainee SAP Public Sector (w/m/d)



For our Transformation business unit, we are looking for you as a Trainee SAP Public Sector (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youAdvice - Become part of an interdisciplinary team and develop digital transformation strategies and solutions for the central challenges of the public sector. Digitalization – We advise on process optimization and harmonization in the areas of finance and controlling or public procurement and their system-side implementation in SAP S/4HANA systems. We also advise on the introduction and further development of IT systems, especially in the area of ​​SAP Analytics to support control processes in public institutions. Trainee – We will create a training plan for you that will optimally prepare you for a career in the public sector. You can choose between the two areas of SAP S/4HANA, with two focuses on finance & controlling (FI/CO) and public procurement (MM/SD), or SAP Analytics. Finally, you will undergo certification in one of the common SAP modules. What you bring with you: You have successfully completed or are about to complete your degree in economics, business informatics, administrative, political or political science or a related course of study. Ideally, you already have initial experience in the consulting industry and/or the technology sector, preferably with a focus on SAP ERP, S/4HANA or SAP Business Intelligence/Analytics. Very good knowledge of German as well as the flexibility and mobility necessary for the consulting environment round off your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Master’s funding – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time - thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take several months off in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year.Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Public & Energy Transformation team, you will help organizations fundamentally change both the way they work and the way they work to secure their place in the future. You advise and support, for example, the federal government, states, municipalities, public companies, universities or non-profit associations on topics relating to digitalization, energy transition, mobility or demographic change. Join us in tackling social challenges and strengthen public trust in us and the economy! ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Thilo Rommelsheim on +49 69 9585-2222.