
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104086377

Consultant Data & Technology (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Consultant Data & Technology - Financial Services (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible. This is what awaits youData management - As part of our team, you will support major financial institutions in making their data management sustainable from a regulatory and business process perspective. We promote an environment in which innovation, teamwork and personal development are the focus.Consulting projects - Our clientele includes national and international banks, insurance companies and asset managers. Together with your team, you will bring in your ideas for improving, for example, data quality processes or data governance organizational structures, create technical specifications, support the implementation for our customers and then check compliance. Diversity of topics - You will develop your focus in the area of ​​bank management at the interface between departments and IT. You will support data-driven projects and familiarize yourself with topics such as risk architecture, reporting and data management and will be involved in the implementation of these topics, taking regulatory requirements into account. What you bring with you You have successfully completed your studies in economics, (business) information technology or a comparable discipline. You are familiar with terms such as data warehouse, data management or data quality and you are interested in how financial institutions use their data for risk management use in reporting. Ideally, you have already gained initial practical experience in these areas. You enjoy applying your analytical and conceptual skills to complex issues and you approach processing efficiently and solution-oriented. You are fluent in German and English. Your benefits Flexibility – with us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. 
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year. 
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Governance, Risk & Compliance Team (GRC for short), you will support projects in the banking and insurance industry. Our projects cover a variety of focuses and range from number-based actuarial science, quantitative risk modeling and risk management in banks and insurance companies to anti-financial crime, ESG and climate risk management. Our team is as diverse as our projects: a wide variety of subjects such as mathematics, MINT, law, economics and business administration are crucial to our project success. Contact Do you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Juliana Hope on +49 69 9585-2222.