
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104085528

Consultant Managed Services (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Consultant Managed Services (f/m/d) for our Assurance Solutions division as soon as possible.  This is what awaits youTransformation - Together with your interdisciplinary project team, you will take on financial functions in the form of a digital service within the customer company, all while incorporating the latest technologies, such as AI and platform-based IT solutions. Process understanding - You will find the right methods to increase the quality of our clients' processes, using innovative tools and benefiting from your strong IT affinity. Visionary - We offer you a lot of space for participation - so you can give free rein to your creativity and actively drive forward the implementation of your own ideas and impulses. Process optimization - You provide the decisive impulses for the redesign or improvement of accounting services as well as process optimization and thereby set important accents. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in economics, industrial engineering or a comparable course with a focus on finance and accounting or accounting and controlling (soon). You have initial experience in the financial sector, which you gained through internships or vocational training. You have knowledge of IT methodological skills. Ideally, you have achieved this through the use of SAP S/4 HANA, RPA, Alteryx and Power BI, or through comparable systems. You are fluent in German and English, both spoken and written. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home as well as in over 40 countries. Career exams - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. In addition, we support you in obtaining the professional exams: auditor, full WP, tax advisor and actuary.Leisure time - Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take time off for several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year.Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from reduced fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and... Performance is rewarded and of which we are proud. You can find all the benefits on our careers page. At PwC Germany we work to find smart solutions, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Capital Markets & Accounting Advisory Services (CMAAS) team, you will accompany our customers on the path to the digital future of finance & reporting, as well as with exceptional challenges on the capital market and in M&A activities. We pursue our goals exclusively together - we gain our expertise in interdisciplinary and multinational teams and constantly share our knowledge - both internally and with our customers and by using the latest technology. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Janina Kozubik on +49 69 9585-3208.