
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104090494

Consultant IT Strategy and Digital Transformation (f/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as a Consultant IT Strategy and Digital Transformation (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits you IT consulting - You will become part of a highly motivated team of consultants and help our customers in Germany and Europe to increase their performance in and with IT, from the IT strategy to its implementation. Innovation - You will develop solutions in an interdisciplinary team for IT transformation, optimization of IT alignment or supports the development of new digital business models for our customers. Efficiency - You use best practice approaches from a leading global consulting company, to design target organizations, optimize processes and support mapping in IT systems.Challenge - Your area of ​​responsibility is demanding and varied. You work in a team with colleagues from a wide range of skill sets in order to successfully implement projects together. Career development – ​​You work on your career development together with your mentor. This includes, among other things, a comprehensive training program from the PwC Academy. This is what you bring with you: You have completed your studies in business informatics, economics, industrial engineering or a comparable course of study (soon). You have initial industry experience, e.g. B. in industrial companies, in retail, in the banking or insurance environment or in the energy sector. You have basic knowledge in one or more of the following areas: IT strategy, IT sourcing, digitalization, IT architecture or IT alignment, organization and transformation of IT units as well as IT controlling/benchmarking.You enjoy working in a team and can successfully use your analytical and communication skills, combined with your own initiative, in a project team.Very good German and good English skills complete your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time - thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take several months off in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year.Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our digital team, you will combine technologies and business perspectives to support our customers in designing their digital projects. We offer both established services in the areas of digital and IT (e.g. digital and IT strategy consulting or IT operational excellence) as well as digital services with above-average growth potential (e.g. artificial intelligence or digital platforms). Support us in leveraging our clients’ growth potential in the digital world! ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Felix Baumecker on +49 69 95857762.