
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104091199

IT Practitioner Portfolio (w/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the BMW Financial Services department. BMW Financial Services, a division of the BMW Group, is one of the most successful providers in the automotive industry as a provider of financial services. As part of your work, you will support our markets worldwide in their strategy implementation and IT portfolio management.

What awaits you?

You support the strategic implementation planning of local market strategies. You also help with the implementation of agile working methods and further development in the agile toolchain (Jira and Confluence). You support the management of the IT project portfolio on a global level. Collaboration on Financial Services Operations IT OpEx LRP- and forecast process.Working on management reports, decision templates and management presentations rounds off your exciting area of ​​responsibility.Support in organizing global conferences, also virtually.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of business informatics, economics, business mathematics or a comparable course of study.Second half diploma/bachelor's degree program or master's degree.Enjoyment and interest in working in an international environment.Fluent in German and very good English skills.Confident use of MS Office, especially PowerPoint and Excel. Knowledge of the Agile Toolchain (Jira, Confluence) is an advantage. Structured way of working and conceptual thinking skills.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 1st, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern IT Portfolio (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: Financial services administration

Job ID: 149167

Release date: 12/19/2024

Internship/thesis