
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104090212

Senior Consultant SAP Portfolio (w/m/d)



For our Transformation business area, we are looking for you as a Senior Consultant SAP Portfolio (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youConsulting function - You support leading companies in the areas of analytics, business AI, big data and cloud. You will also provide advice based on the SAP product portfolio. Expertise – As an experienced consultant, you will carry out requirements analyses, create both functional and technical concepts and be involved in the implementation throughout all phases of the consulting project. You are a mentor and contact person for young colleagues.Project work - Together with your team, you develop tailor-made customer solutions in the areas of data and analytics, business AI, reporting or big data solutions. Using modern frameworks such as Design Thinking, you will design a tailor-made user experience.Data analysis - You know the world of data analysis and can explain to customers in an understandable way the possibilities offered by modern (advanced) analytics as well as AI methods and tools in SAP Business and Analytics. Open up an environment and how to integrate it into existing ERP, BI & Analytics landscapes. This is what you bring with you You have successfully completed your studies with a focus on economics, information technology or natural sciences. You have relevant professional experience in the area of ​​data and analytics with SAP technology with a focus on data management, reporting, planning and/or business AI. Ideally, you have the corresponding experience already experience in two to three of the following technologies: SAP Datasphere, SAP Analytics Cloud (planning and/or reporting), SAP BW/4HANA, SAP S/4HANA (focus on embedded analytics), SAP FioriIn agile project management such as Ideally, you have gained initial experience in Scrum and Kanban, for example. Very good knowledge of German and English rounds off your profile.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Master’s funding – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters.
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Finance Transformation team, you will support companies in making their finance department an even stronger business partner and thus accelerate the competitiveness of the entire company. Our range of topics is broad: from CFO strategy to process excellence, ERP systems, quality assurance, compliance and data management. As an integrated finance transformation team, we ensure the smooth integration of all sub-projects along the entire value chain. Contact Do you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Theresa Volders on +49 1515 4092298.