
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104384092

IT Product Owner (d/w/m) Microsoft Azure



Your future is our program... appreciation. Security. Growth.

This is what the Versicherungskammer group and our IT service provider, VKBit Betriebs GmbH, stand for.

This is what you plan to do...

You plan and control the IT product Azure with regard to the success factors of operation, performance, quality and costs. You will also ensure the cloud operating model and be responsible for coordination and escalation in the event of disruptions. You will take on technical leadership within the scope of service provision and are responsible for planning and controlling costs and quantities. You will be the contact person for all topics and questions Azure (PaaS, IaaS, SaaS).You will be responsible for the technical support and management of our Azure product.You will coordinate and monitor the external service provider during the technical implementation and ensure the quality of the services delivered.As part of the transformation to the cloud, you will work on project topics with.

This is what you bring with you...

Completed degree in computer science or a comparable qualification, supplemented by several years of experience in IT projects or IT service provision. Strong analytical skills and a results-oriented way of working. In-depth knowledge in the area of ​​cloud computing, especially in relation to the Azure Cloud platform. Experience with others Hyperscalers such as AWS and Google are desirable. Experience in the operation and control of enterprise IT infrastructures is required. In addition, experience in the control and evaluation of external service providers is expected.

This is what we offer...

A future-proof workplace and an appreciative working atmosphere. Exciting projects and challenging topics with a finger on the pulse of the times. The opportunity to work mobile - for example from home. Time recording as part of variable working hours. Are you still missing one or the other? We will teach you and offer the necessary support to meet the requirements. Diversity welcoming culture: Diversity as a success factor!