
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104203082

Praktikant My BMW/MINI App Product Management (w/m/x)



A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their specialist knowledge and enthusiasm can a workflow be created in which ideas flow. We call this a culture of innovation. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but above all to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the area of ​​central product management of the My BMW/MINI app. In over 90 countries with more than 14 million users, our apps enrich the BMW and MINI mobility experience with a variety of functions. We work closely with our internal marketing partners to create a mobile transaction channel for digital, physical, financial and vehicle sales.

What awaits you?

You are part of an interdisciplinary and international team. You will also support the development of new app functions in every phase of the product life cycle. You will actively work with our global market partners to roll out product updates and campaigns. Together with our analysis experts, you will derive insights and recommendations for action from existing ones data.


What are you bringing with you?

Second half bachelor's or master's degree in business administration, business informatics, communication sciences or a comparable course of study. Hands-on mentality and proactive taking on of tasks. Strong analytical skills for using and interpreting dashboards and tools (e.g. Microsoft PowerBI). Business fluent knowledge of German and English .High affinity for future-oriented digital services and technologies in the areas of apps and vehicles.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 24, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern My BMW/MINI App Product Management (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Work area: IT project management

Job ID: 147168

Release date: 12/19/2024

Internship/thesis