
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104084898

Senior Consultant SAP Supply Chain Management (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as a Senior Consultant SAP Supply Chain Management (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youProcess consulting - you analyze, harmonize and optimize end-to-end processes and support their integration in order to use innovative technologies and industry solutions. Workshops – You will support the preparation and implementation of design workshops to define business and technical requirements. Project coordination – You coordinate the preparation of system demonstrations to present standardized SAP EWM/TM functionalities in workshops. Process documentation – You will support the implementation of selected user stories in SPRO, including documentation and test scripts. Interdisciplinarity – You help clarify interdependencies between SAP TM and other SAP modules (such as SD, MM, GTS, EH&S). You will address solution design questions in SAP EWM/TM and facilitate interface discussions between SAP TM and non-SAP systems, including middleware such as SAP CPI.  What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in (business) informatics, economics, (business) engineering, natural sciences or a comparable course of study. You have several years of experience in the SAP EWM and/or TM context (planning, execution and cost accounting) and integration into other SAP modules and external systems. Ideally, you already have experience in a consulting-related role (ideally in the SAP environment) or experience in using SAP solutions, e.g. through previous work as an SAP key user. You will contribute your expertise in one of the core processes of supply chain management or in the assigned sub-processes. Very good knowledge of German and English rounds off your profile.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Master’s funding – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. 
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our ERP transformation team, you advise customers on the introduction of their individual ERP solutions. You support the optimization and digitalization of the entire process chain from finance, sales and purchasing to logistics and production and accompany you on the way to your ideal solution for resource planning. You will get to know companies in exciting industries and a wide variety of projects, from strategic preliminary studies to global rollouts. Become part of our team and support our customers throughout the entire ERP transformation project cycle!  ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Charlotte Dickel at +49 69 9585-2222.