
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104088095

Project Manager Construction and Infrastructure (f/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as a project manager for construction and infrastructure (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youProjects - You will be part of demanding, exciting and varied projects in our clients' long-term construction and infrastructure projects.
Control - You ensure smooth project execution and thus make a significant contribution to the sustainable success of the project. Your area of ​​responsibility extends from comprehensive project planning and coordination to budget and deadline monitoring. 
Team - You work closely with various teams and stakeholders and ensure that our clients can successfully and efficiently realize their large-scale construction projects in accordance with the project goals.
Responsibility – You support the project management as a key actor for the smooth flow of communication and information between project participants. You will be responsible for coordinating coordination processes and ensuring efficient reporting. You use your specialist knowledge to optimize processes and pay attention to quality assurance, risk reduction and change management. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in industrial engineering, civil engineering, mechanical engineering, architecture or a comparable course of study with a technical and/or commercial focus. You are interested in the topics of planning, control and implementation of large-scale projects and have initial professional experience in construction project management .Ideally, you have knowledge of relevant regulations and laws such as AHO, VOB and HOAI and other industry-specific software knowledge (e.g. RIB iTWO, Primavera P6, MS Project).You have very good written and spoken German and English skills.You are a strong communicator, innovation-oriented personality with a high degree of initiative and always use your analytical skills to ensure team success. When applying, please note that the job requires an average of around 3 days of travel per week. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Further training – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also support you with external training and further education measures.
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Mobility - For maximum mobility and flexibility, we provide you with a laptop and an iPhone that you can use privately and support you with the equipment (screen, furniture) for your home office. You will also receive a subsidy for the job ticket (Germany Ticket) and a BahnCard 50. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Managed Services team, you will support our customers' projects in close collaboration with various delivery models. With our onboarding and your experience, you ensure defined quality standards and promote the efficiency of processes. Technologies and systems are your companions in our projects. Our focus areas include Business & Market Activation, Innovation & Architecture as well as Transformation and Process Optimization. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Sophie Maria Zimmermann on +49 69 9585-2222.