
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104086375

Project Coordinator Right of Way (w/m/d)



For our Competence Center / Managed Services division, we are looking for you as a Right of Way Project Coordinator (f/m/d) as soon as possible.  This is what awaits youResponsibility - You will take on technical responsibility for area security in construction and infrastructure projects. You control and monitor the acquisition of rights of way from the procurement of owner and manager information to the construction clearance for preparatory measures and route construction, including budget responsibility and cost planning. Coordination - You are responsible for scheduling and reporting the acquisition of rights of way as well as data maintenance in right of way databases. Together with the legal department, you prepare and carry out official procedures (e.g. toleration, possession and expropriation procedures). You commission external service providers, special reports and valuation reports.Interface management - You accompany negotiations with property owners, authorized users and interest groups as well as external communication (authority and citizen information about upcoming construction work) and check and control compensation guidelines and agreements for the settlement of land damage in the context of construction work. What you bring with you You have completed your studies in economics/civil engineering, real estate/real estate management, geography, agriculture/forestry, surveying or a comparable course of study. You have at least 3 years of experience in the areas of rights of way, permit management or area security . Experience in the area of ​​project work or in the construction or infrastructure sector is desirable. You have knowledge of how to use the following program: MS Office. You have very good written and spoken German and English. You have experience in negotiations, leadership and Control and enjoy working in a team. You have strong coordination and communication skills as well as a confident demeanor to take on tasks in the project environment on your own responsibility. You are willing to travel an average of 3 days per week.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home as well as in over 40 countries. Further training - You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also support you with external training and further education measures. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working time account. It is up to you whether you want to have your overtime paid or flexibly convert it into more free time. Mobility - For maximum mobility and flexibility, we provide you with a laptop and an iPhone that you can use privately and support you with the equipment (screen, furniture) for your home office. You will also receive a subsidy for the job ticket (Germany Ticket) and a BahnCard 50. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.   At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Managed Services team, you will support our customers' projects in close collaboration with various delivery models. With our onboarding and your experience, you ensure defined quality standards and promote the efficiency of processes. Technologies and systems are your companions in our projects. Our focus areas include Business & Market Activation, Innovation & Architecture as well as Transformation and Process Optimization.  ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Sophie Maria Zimmermann on +49 69 9585-2222.