
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104090295

Manager SAP Transformationsberatung Operations (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as Manager SAP Transformation Consulting Operations (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youMethodology - You will apply PwC's agile project methodology in combination with state-of-the-art project management tools. The focus is on customer involvement and transparency over the overall process. Workshops - You prepare workshops, moderate them with customers and summarize the results. You give input to the project management and see yourself as the customer's contact person for one or more specialist areas. Processes – You support projects in process definitions as well as their technical mapping in SAP S/4 HANA. Solutions – You develop concepts for customer-specific solutions and are responsible for their implementation and the implementation of the concept. Internally, you will further develop our demo system in coordination with the specialist team and provide support in the area of ​​presales. What you bring with you: You have completed a degree (Master/Diploma, MBA or PhD) in (business) computer science, technology and innovation management, mathematics, natural sciences, economics or in a comparable field and have completed this with very good grades. You have in-depth practical experience in the area of ​​SAP implementations and have already put S/4 projects into production. You have experience in the area of ​​transformation and global template and rollout scenarios and have in-depth knowledge of one or more SAP modules. During your career to date, you have gained expertise in the areas of digital/IT strategy, commercial growth initiatives, cost optimization, digital/IT transformation and digital business models. Ideally, you have already worked in interdisciplinary teams on strategic or transformational projects. You enjoy traveling to our (sometimes international) customers and can communicate with them fluently in German or English as required. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models. Security – For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Operations Transformation team, you will support companies in implementing strategies and new business models into operational reality and optimizing processes. Artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing: new technologies are currently changing the world and the economy. We support our customers with various solutions - from supply chain management and procurement to smart manufacturing and research & development - along the entire value chain, from the customer to the raw material. Become part of a challenging and collegial environment in which the personal development of each individual is the focus. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Kim Brenda on +49 211 981-2295.