
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104085402

Manager IT Public Sector (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division we are looking for you as Manager IT Public Sector (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what you can expect Consulting – As part of a rapidly growing team, you will support our customers from the public sector. Exciting IT projects await you at federal, state and local governments as well as at cities, churches and universities. Digitalization – In interdisciplinary teams, we work together to develop digital transformation strategies and solutions for the central challenges of the public sector. In addition to strategic and organizational issues, this also includes the further development of our customers' IT landscape. Responsibility - You will use your existing network and previous thematic focus to develop business opportunities, expand PwC's thought leadership in the public sector and realize your own ideas and concepts. What you bring with you: You have successfully completed your studies in (business) computer science, mathematics, engineering or economics with a focus on IT. You have more than 4 years of relevant experience in planning and managing IT projects, ideally including an existing network with relevant customers and cooperation partners. Your expertise lies in at least one of the following areas of activity: IT strategy, IT architecture, IT infrastructure; IT organization and processes; cloud computing; Data Science (Big Data, Stream Processing, AI); IT requirements management or IT service management. Very good knowledge of German as well as the flexibility and mobility necessary for the consulting environment round off your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models. Security – For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Public & Energy Transformation team, you will help organizations fundamentally change both the way they work and the way they work to secure their place in the future. You advise and support, for example, the federal government, states, municipalities, public companies, universities or non-profit associations on topics relating to digitalization, energy transition, mobility or demographic change. Join us in tackling social challenges and strengthen public trust in us and the economy! ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Thilo Rommelsheim on +49 69 9585-2222.