
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104084426

Consultant IT & Processes (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Consultant IT & Processes (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible. This is what awaits you Exciting project work - Together with your team, you will accompany our (inter)national customers along their business processes, checking and advising them through their digital transformation. We see ourselves as an intermediary between technical requirements and IT implementation as well as between security and efficiency. Process optimization - You will dedicate yourself to complex issues for assessing and optimizing business processes and internal control systems against the background of modern technological developments. Your findings are needed in order to derive optimization potential and implement it together with our customers. Digitalization - Your tasks also include the introduction of new IT systems or support in reorganizations as part of the transformation of companies. Customer contact - You are in constant contact with our projects Dialogue with our customers. You quickly take responsibility for the successful implementation of projects and make a significant contribution to their success. What you bring with you: You have (soon) completed your studies in economics, (business) computer science, (business) engineering or a comparable course of study. You have initial professional experience in the areas of business processes, finance and accounting, project management or ERP systems, which you were able to gain through internships or vocational training. Very good written and spoken German and English skills complete your profile. Your analytical skills enable you to identify complex issues and find solutions to problems. We attach great importance to potential, mindset, commitment and the will to develop further. If you don't have all your profile points yet, but are ready to take on this as a new challenge together with us, we still look forward to receiving your application!  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters.
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Technology & Process Risk Team (TPR for short), you will support our clients in various industrial sectors in efficiently reviewing and advising on the secure transformation of processes and IT. In our projects, you will deal with other exciting topics such as consulting and introducing new ERP & GRC software as well as developing use cases for the responsible use of new technologies, such as cloud services or artificial intelligence. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Theresa Volders on +49 1515 4092298.