
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104088144

Manager AI Consulting (f/m/d)



We are looking for you as Manager AI Consulting (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible. This is what awaits youExpertise - You have a clear view of AI (use case) potential and how companies need to develop in order to develop and use AI responsibly and compliantly. This includes advising our customers, the ideation, conception and implementation of AI governance. Consulting areas - You support our customers in designing the AI ​​lifecycle from ideation through development to operation, finding the right approach for efficient use case management and setting up the target operating model. This allows you to reliably implement AI governance and concrete use cases (security and robustness, performance, data management and quality). You pass on these skills to our customers in coaching, conception, implementation or evaluations. Project management - By managing (partial) projects, you take on increasingly more responsibility. Employee responsibility - You take responsibility for promoting the professional and personal development of your team members. Customer relationship - You use your industry knowledge and your contacts with decision-makers to acquire new business and continuously develop our services. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in business informatics or a natural science course (e.g. mathematics, physics, statistics or industrial engineering) or a comparable course of study. You have at least 3 years of professional experience in the areas of business intelligence, big data, data analytics or data science and would like to develop professionally in these topics. You are interested in machine learning and AI technologies (e.g. Tensorflow, Pytorch, Hadoop, or Spark) and deal with questions that include topics such as the realization of AI use cases, their integration or AI governance. You have application knowledge in one of the common languages, e.g. Python, Matlab or R.) Very good written and spoken German and English skills round off your profile.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models. Security – For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Technology & Process Risk Team (TPR for short), you will support our clients in various industrial sectors in efficiently reviewing and advising on the secure transformation of processes and IT. In our projects, you will deal with other exciting topics such as consulting and introducing new ERP & GRC software as well as developing use cases for the responsible use of new technologies, such as cloud services or artificial intelligence. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Theresa Volders on +49 1515 4092298.