
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104087280

Manager Cloud Consulting (f/m/d)



We are looking for a Manager Cloud Consulting (f/m/d) to join our Cloud & Digital division starting at the earliest possible opportunity.  Your responsibilitiesExpertise – You will act as an expert in your area, who continuously strengthens our capabilities based on latest technological trends to address existing and future customer requirements. You will work closely with colleagues from other disciplines (e.g., industry sectors) to enable customers to achieve their desired business outcomes using cloud technology.Solutions – Working backwards from actual customer use cases, you will work in cross-functional teams to drive the implementation of end-to-end solutions. This may involve various services from public cloud providers, hybrid architectures, as well as integration with 3rd-party solutions across the technology stack.Delivery – To build trust and ensure consistently high customer satisfaction, you will lead customer interactions across different stages of the sales and delivery cycle, specifying customer requirements based on their desired outcomes and effectively delivering against these (e.g., ideation, scoping, architecting, delivery, quality assurance).Innovate – We continuously innovate on behalf of our customers and focus on the activities that truly differentiate our customers’ businesses. You will co-develop assets with customers and PwC teams, making our joint successes repeatable and scalable, e.g., through templatization, automation, and enablement. Your profileYou have completed your studies in Computer Science, Engineering or a comparable program. You bring 10 years of professional experience in architecting, designing, and delivering cloud-based solutions to customers in your area of expertise.You have 4 years of experience in leading and organizing (technical) projects and implementations in customer-facing roles. You possess comprehensive knowledge of public cloud (e.g., Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud Platform), as well as expertise in common technology stacks (e.g., SAP, Salesforce, Databricks). You are fluent in English both spoken and written. Ideally, you have advanced German language skills, too. Your benefitsFlexibility – We encourage you to choose your working hours and your working place the way that suits you and your lifestyle. We do not have core working hours and we also offer you the possibility of home office or work from abroad. Always in accordance with operational requirements and labor law regulations. Family – Working parents bring huge value to our firm and we want to ensure that they are supported at every stage and feel confident balancing their work and home lives. Also, we support you, If required, in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models. Financial Stability – We have put together various insurance packages for your (financial) security (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance)as well as a company pension scheme. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance for continued payment of wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health and Wellbeing – Your health is important to us: in addition to our own company health insurance scheme, we also offer preventive medical check-ups anddivers sport offerings. Take part in our free company sports programme or benefit from reduced rates at various gyms or an Urban Sports Club membership.And there is even more – It is our purpose to create a positive working environment: An environment where flexible and creative working is possible, where work is recognized and performance is rewarded and of which we are all very proud. You can find more detailed information on all of our benefits on our career website.   At PwC Germany, it is our purpose to solve our clients' key challenges, create sustainable outcomes and build trust in business and society. As part of our Cloud team, you will combine technology and business perspectives to support our clients on all key issues along their cloud transformation journey. With the help of our extensive expertise in the cloud area and certified cloud experts for Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), we identify the best cloud solution and strategy together as a team and with our customers. Help us to leverage the growth potential of our clients in the digital world! ContactIf you have any questions about this position or your application, please reach out to Felix Baumecker at +49 151 61596463.