
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104083518

Consultant Open Source Software (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Consultant Open Source Software (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible. This is what awaits youDigitalization - You will strengthen our team in accelerating the time-to-market of new products and services by helping companies to design product and software development efficiently, compliant and secure with open source software (OSS).Expertise - You support our clients from process design and rollout to policy development and establishment through to compliance and security tool selection and implementation. You will also check and certify the OSS practices in accordance with ISO 5230 & 18974.Transparency - Through various analyses, tool-supported code scanning, reports and component lists of the software architectures, you enable compliance and security - in the company and its supply chains.Innovation - Together as a team you develop our Consulting portfolio through the analysis of market trends and exchanges with customers. What you bring with you: You have (soon) completed your studies in economics, (business) computer science, (business) engineering or a comparable course of study. You'll fit in well with our team if you're interested in open source software and may have experience with software development, Git, package managers, contributions and open source licenses. Very good written and spoken German and English skills complete your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master’s funding – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time - thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take several months off in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year. Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Technology & Process Risk Team (TPR for short), you will support our clients in various industrial sectors in efficiently reviewing and advising on the secure transformation of processes and IT. In our projects, you will deal with other exciting topics such as consulting and introducing new ERP & GRC software as well as developing use cases for the responsible use of new technologies, such as cloud services or artificial intelligence. Contact Do you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Theresa Volders on +49 1515 4092298.