
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104083646

Consultant Data & Analytics Strategy (f/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as a Data & Analytics Strategy Consultant (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youAdvice - As a consultant for D&A strategy and as part of a highly qualified, ambitious team, you will advise leading companies in the industry in the areas of big data, analytics and AI.Expertise - You will act as a strategist in the area of ​​data & AI and support our customers the development of holistic visions and concepts as well as the development of the necessary skills for the added value use of data in the company. Technology - You know the world of data management and can explain to customers in an understandable way what options are available to them Open up new methods and tools such as machine learning or cloud services and how to integrate them into existing BI & analytics landscapes and data governance processes.Customer needs - As a trusted advisor, you are able to identify customer requirements and develop individual strategies and solution approaches.Project management - You lead project teams / sub-projects and support our customers with your in-depth practical experience paired with the best practice approaches of a leading global consulting company. This is what you bring with you: You have successfully completed your studies with a focus on economics or natural sciences. You have relevant professional experience in the area of ​​data management / analytics and have a very good overview of current technological developments. You have the ability to structure problems, penetrate them analytically, solve them creatively and present them in an understandable manner. You appear confident in front of customers, communicate convincingly and enjoy presentations and moderating workshops. Knowledge of Python, R, or SQL as well in dealing with data management tools (e.g. SAP MDG, Collibra, Purview) or analytics tools (e.g. PowerBI, Databricks, Alteryx) and platforms (e.g. Azure, AWS, SAP, Foundry) are an advantage. Experience in project management and with agile approaches such as Scrum and SAFe is also desirable. The flexibility and mobility necessary in the consulting environment is a given for you. Very good knowledge of German and English for dealing with our customers, some of whom are international, round off your profile.
Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time - thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take several months off in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year.Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Operations Transformation team, you will support companies in implementing strategies and new business models into operational reality and optimizing processes. Artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing: new technologies are currently changing the world and the economy. We support our customers with various solutions - from supply chain management and procurement to smart manufacturing and research & development - along the entire value chain, from the customer to the raw material. Become part of a challenging and collegial environment in which the personal development of each individual is the focus. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Kim Brenda on +49 211 981-2295.