
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104090072

Manager Digital Construction (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as Manager Digital Construction (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible. This is what diversity awaits you - you will support leading international construction and infrastructure projects in all phases of digitalization - from strategy development to technical implementation. In addition to strategy and organization, this also includes the further development of our customers' digital landscape/platform, especially in platform strategy, software selection and implementation topics. Architecture planning - You develop architecture roadmaps and blueprints and create concepts for IT development planning for global infrastructure projects. You control the implementation by the global technology and development teams or external companies. You also carry out IT architecture audits. Product development - You are responsible for PwC's own SaaS construction platform. The platform serves as a central collaboration platform for controlling large and complex construction projects. What this means for you is that you are responsible for the platform end-to-end. What you bring with you: You have completed a degree in (business) computer science or (business) engineering with a focus on technology/computer science or a comparable course of study. You have several years of experience as an enterprise architect, solution architect or in technology consulting with a suitable focus. Ideally, you have practical experience with new technologies (robotics, AI, etc.) in the construction industry as well as in-depth knowledge of enterprise architecture methods, governance structures and frameworks (TOGAF, Zachman, etc.). Your profile is rounded off by experience with common technologies, e.g. in the areas of cloud (Azure, AWS or similar), ERP / XRM / DMS and collaboration. PowerBI, PowerAutomate and PowerApps are also no strangers to you. Very good written and spoken English skills round off your profile. When applying, please note that the job requires an average of at least 3 days of travel per week. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models.Security - For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all the benefits on our careers page. At PwC Germany we work to solve socially relevant challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Capital Projects, Infrastructure and Real Estate Team (CPIR for short), you will support program and risk management in complex construction and infrastructure projects. Digitalize the construction industry and use your experience to meet the challenges of the future, such as the construction of smart buildings. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Maja Wiesel on +49 211 981-4763.