
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104087224

Partner and team assistance (f/m/d)



We are looking for you as a partner and team assistant (f/m/d) for our various business areas as soon as possible. This is what awaits youAdministration – As part of one of our teams, you are responsible for administrative and organizational support in day-to-day business.
Variety - Your tasks can include coordinating internal and external appointments, workshops and events, processing emails, calendar management, as well as travel management and billing for projects.
Interface management – ​​You act as an interface to PwC employees and our customers and are a point of contact for various groups of people, whether colleagues, management, managers or service providers in German and English, both spoken and written.
Project work – You support project work and drive it forward. You will also handle emerging personnel matters. What you bring with you: You have completed your training or studies with a commercial or comparable focus. Ideally, you have initial experience in project management or assistance. You have basic MS Office knowledge. Ideally, you also have initial experience with SAP in the context of project management/accounting. You have very good written and spoken German and English skills. We currently have several vacancies in the area of ​​assistance. Depending on the position, it can be a permanent or temporary position. The areas of responsibility can also vary. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Master’s funding – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. 
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. Based on our values, we create a positive working atmosphere in which individual needs and mutual consideration are paramount and space is created for your development and development. In our global network you can grow as an individual, build sustainable relationships and have a real influence. PwC stands for diversity - see for yourself how many different personalities come together at PwC Germany. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Felix Baumecker on +49 1516 1596463.