
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104083616

Manager Performance & Restructuring (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as Manager Performance & Restructuring (f/m/d) for our Deals division as soon as possible. This is what responsibility awaits you – advice in the most challenging situations. As part of our Business Recovery Services team, you coordinate restructuring and turnaround projects together with our customers. Tasks – From considering the company situation and crisis situation (e.g. according to IDW S6), to creating operational and financial concepts through to business and liquidity planning, you accompany companies in all phases of a project. Strategy concepts – You create and negotiate concepts for restructuring, financial restructuring or refinancing and provide insolvency-related advice. Innovations – Together we continue to develop our products, methods and tools. Network – You maintain and expand contacts with clients and contribute to the acquisition of new consulting mandates. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in business administration, economics, (business) mathematics, (business) engineering or law. You have several years of professional experience as well as specialist knowledge in accounting, financial analysis and business planning in the transaction/insolvency environment. You work enjoy working in teams and have experience in project management and team leadership. Fluent German and English skills round off your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models.
Security – For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our deals team, you support companies in all phases of the deal cycle: from identifying suitable purchase or sales options to concluding negotiations. From company and market analysis, to advice on tax and legal issues, to integration. This means you always have an overview of the entire transaction process and our team succeeds in minimizing the risks of planned deals and maximizing the benefits. Work with us on exciting projects, with an incredible variety of topics integrated into a flexible design of your working day. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Claudia Schweers on +49 211 9814675.