
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104797421

Senior Project Manager Central Europe (m/f/d)



What's the role?

As a Senior Project Manager (m/f/d), you will make a significant contribution to the strategic development of the Energy & Industry (E&I) division in Central Europe and are well versed in stakeholder management. You will focus not only on the project itself, but also on how it is aligned and integrated with the company's strategy, vision and values. This includes understanding the business context, the company's goals and needs as well as recognising market trends, opportunities and challenges.

Who is Hilti?

Hilti is where innovation is improving productivity, safety and sustainability in the global construction industry, and beyond. Where strong customer relationships are creating solutions that build a better future. Where there is pride and a sense of belonging across our 120 locations, carrying right into our lives and homes. Where people are exploring possibilities, leveraging their potential, owning their personal development and growing lasting careers.

What does the role involve?

 Management of overarching and complex projects for strategic development in Central Europe E&I structure and organisation  Project planning (resources, costs, deadlines) and ensuring that targets are met  Responsibility in specific strategic projects with the global and local market organisations  Technical management of the project team and coordination of all internal and external interfaces (especially Group management, other management functions in the region, local market organisations)  Supporting the Head of E&I in realising our Lead 2030 corporate strategy and developing the E&I roadmap  Driving forward the E&I business in Central Europe in coordination with the Head of E&I  ‘Translation’ of the global E&I strategy to the regional level and definition of long-term goals and priorities for further development  Analysing and evaluating growth targets and creating relevant business plans and investment opportunities  Interface to the key project management teams (control & cooperation) 


We are proud to be one of the best employers in Germany: In 2024, we were recognised by the ‘Great Place to Work®’Institute with 5th place in ‘Germany's Best Employers’.

What do we offer? 

It is our motivational culture that creates a unique working environment. This is a result of high personal performance, teamwork and mutual support. We will prepare you for your new job with our induction programme lasting several weeks. In addition, we encourage challenge and we are characterised by a strong feedback culture. We also offer a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package (e.g. company car for private use, notebook, smartphone and much more).

What you need is:

 Successfully completed (Master's) degree in the field of business administration or engineering  Several years of project experience in the sales environment in industry or in strategy consulting  Ability to build networks internally and externally as well as interdisciplinary leadership skills  Strong analytical and conceptual skills  Very good knowledge of English - knowledge of German is an advantage  Willingness to travel internationally (20-40%) 


Why should you apply? 

We employ committed and motivated people from a wide variety of backgrounds. We believe that diverse teams work even more creatively, innovatively and productively. If you have no previous experience in the construction technology industry, this is no obstacle to joining Hilti. For us, success is always based on teamwork and expertise - regardless of your personal background. We value your commitment and your will to succeed.

During your job interview you will spend some time with us and get to know our company. Thus you will get a feeling for the job and our corporate culture.

Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is central to our corporate culture. We welcome people with different identities and experiences and encourage diversity of thought. Our goal is to create a safe and inclusive work environment for a passionate & inclusive team. Hilti also stands for equal opportunities, we therefore welcome applications from people with severe disabilities.

Contact: Hilti Deutschland I Monika Kelemen-Oakes I Human Resources

Should you encounter technical problems during your application, please contact mycareer-techsupport@hilti.com.