
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104087292

IT Product Owner (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as an IT Product Owner (f/m/d) for our Competence Center / Managed Services division as soon as possible. This is what digitalization awaits you - You will take on technical responsibility for setting up IT systems in the area of ​​managed services and support PwC and our customers in the digitalization of business processes. 
Technology - You will design optimal solutions for the IT infrastructure and design, operate and support our customers' technologies together with your team.
Mission - You are responsible for IT service management according to ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) to standardize the selection, planning, provision and maintenance of the entire life cycle of IT services. From IT solution design to implementation and operational support.
Interface management – ​​As a contact person for customers and your team, you keep your finger on the pulse of digitalization topics and, as a member of Managed Services, actively drive these forward in your everyday work. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in computer science, business informatics or a comparable course of study. You have at least 4 years of experience in the area of ​​IT, IT service management and/or IT project management, etc. according to the agile process model as well as in IT product and release management.Ideally, you have experience working in project teams or leading small teams (approx. 2-5 people).You have knowledge of using the following programs: Windows 10 , MS Office 365, ticketing systems, networked PC environments as well as PMO, SCRUM and, ideally, an ITIL certification. You have business-fluent spoken and spoken German Writing.You are customer-oriented, communicative, have a strong methodical-conceptual way of thinking and a confident demeanor with a high level of teamwork ability in order to be able to successfully support the projects and your team.You are willing to travel an average of 3 days per week.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Further training – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also support you with external training and further education measures. 
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Mobility - For maximum mobility and flexibility, we provide you with a laptop and an iPhone that you can use privately and support you with the equipment (screen, furniture) for your home office. You will also receive a subsidy for the job ticket (Germany Ticket) and a BahnCard 50.
That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and of which we are proud. You can find all benefits on our careers page. At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our team, you will help organizations fundamentally change both the way they work and the way they work to secure their place in the future. This is how we combine ingenuity, experience and technological innovation to achieve sustainable results and build trust. Together with you, we offer our customers tailor-made solutions across the entire value chain - from the back and middle office (e.g. finance, supply chain management) to the front office (product and customer transformation). ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Sophie Maria Zimmermann on +49 69 9585-2222.