
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104086300

Cansaltanization of Telmanekt Jes (f/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as a Telecommunications GIS Consultant (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youTelecommunications - In an interdisciplinary team, you will develop ways to enter the telecommunications and broadband market and support us in planning digital networks for our customers. These are national and international telecommunications providers. Consulting – You support our customers in optimizing organizational structures and processes and have the opportunity to work on topics and issues related to broadband funding at federal and state levels. Data management – ​​You support us in the area of ​​(geo) data management. Your area of ​​responsibility here includes the construction and evaluation of databases as well as the development of optimization options for (geo-)data infrastructures. What you bring with you: You have successfully completed a degree in geography, (geo)informatics, (business)informatics or a comparable course of study. Ideally, you have experience in a company in the telecommunications industry or a consulting firm and have gained experience with project work there. You also have knowledge of common GIS solutions such as QGIS or ArcGIS, supplemented by experience in programming with Python and SQL. Knowledge of the administration of databases such as Oracle, PostGIS, MSSQL Server and / or experience in dealing with publishing GIS data (particularly with web services or web GIS applications; experience in JavaScript/HTML; content management systems) is required Advantage. Very good knowledge of German as well as the flexibility and mobility necessary for the consulting environment round off your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility - With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year. Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees at various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership.
That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and of which we are proud. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Public & Energy Transformation team, you will help organizations fundamentally change both the way they work and the way they work to secure their place in the future. You advise and support, for example, the federal government, states, municipalities, public companies, universities or non-profit associations on topics relating to digitalization, energy transition, mobility or demographic change. Join us in tackling social challenges and strengthen public trust in us and the economy! ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Thilo Rommelsheim on +49 69 9585-2222.