
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4104086174

Consultant Product Development / PLM / PVM (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division we are looking for you as a Consultant Product Development / PLM / PVM (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits you Operations - As a member of our operations team, you will support our customers from a wide range of industries in strategically and operationally improving structures and processes along the value chain and thus increasing competitiveness. Transformation processes – You accompany our customers from concept work to implementation. You support translating strategies into measurable goals and actionable measures and implementing them accordingly with our customers. Projects – You will be part of challenging, exciting and varied projects in the area of ​​Operations – Research & Development / Product Lifecycle Management / Product Value Management for CO2 and Cost Engineering at a national and international level. Teamwork – In our project teams, you are given (partial) responsibility for achieving the project goals right from the start and you are given space and support to develop further. Project management - You support project planning and the preparation of offers as well as project controlling. What you bring with you You have a first-class engineering, economics or natural sciences university degree, preferably with an additional qualification such as a doctorate, MBA and/or technical certificate. Depending on the position, you have initial or several years of professional experience - preferably in the areas of Research & Development, Product Lifecycle Management or Product Value Management for CO2 and Cost Engineering. You have interest and have already gained experience in the areas of digital development, R&D or PLM transformation or cost engineering and ideally have initial practical part/project management experience. You enjoy working in a team and can quickly grasp complex relationships, find goal-oriented solutions and communicate them effectively in German and English. You are willing to travel and enjoy working on projects in a national or international project environment. Excellent MS Office and PLM knowledge is an advantage. Your benefits Flexibility – with us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. You also benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios, an Urban Sports Club membership and a subsidized JobTicket (Germany Ticket).Health - your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Operations Transformation team, you will support companies in implementing strategies and new business models into operational reality and optimizing processes. Artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing: new technologies are currently changing the world and the economy. We support our customers with various solutions - from supply chain management and procurement to smart manufacturing and research & development - along the entire value chain, from the customer to the raw material. Become part of a challenging and collegial environment in which the personal development of each individual is the focus. Contact Do you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Kim Brenda at +49 211 981-2295.