
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4108553200

Sr. WW Specialist SA AI/ML AutoMfg, Worldwide Specialist Organization



Description

Are you a customer-obsessed builder with a passion for helping customers achieve their full potential? Do you have the business savvy, Auto and Manufacturing background, and sales skills necessary to help position AWS as the cloud provider of choice for customers? Do you love building new strategic and data-driven businesses? Join the Worldwide Specialist Organization (WWSO) Auto and Manufacturing Data/AIML team as a GTM Specialist Solutions Architect!

The Worldwide Specialist Organization (WWSO) is part of AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS), which is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector. We work backwards from our customer’s most complex and business critical problems to build and execute go-to-market plans that turn AWS ideas into multi-billion-dollar businesses. WWSO teams include business development, specialist and technical solutions architecture. As part of WWSO, you'll provide expertise across the entire life cycle of an AWS customer initiative, from developing ideas for new services to accelerating the adoption of established businesses. We pride ourselves on thinking big, delivering exceptional results for our customers, and working across AWS as #OneTeam.

AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS) is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector.

Key job responsibilities

In this role, you will be responsible for defining, building, and deploying targeted strategies to accelerate customer adoption of our GenAI services and solutions across industry verticals. You will engage with product owners to influence product direction and help our customers tap into new markets by utilizing GenAI along with AWS Services. AWS works with a number of GenAI model producers, you will be working directly with them around developing joint-GTM plans, joint-customer engagements, external/internal evangelism, and developing demos and proof-of-concepts of GenAI end applications / use cases with large models

As the ideal candidate, you possess a business and technology background that enables you to lead and drive engagements with startups and large enterprises. You have domain expertise in GenAI and key ML use cases. You have the technical depth to articulate the benefits of our GenAI-related services and solutions to data scientists, and C-Level executives. In addition, you have a good understanding of the GenAI market trends, ecosystem, opportunities, and are passionate about market development and evangelism. You will need to be adept at interacting, communicating, and partnering with teams within AWS (product, solutions architecture, sales, marketing, and professional services) and externally with customers and 3rd party model providers.

You will drive the development of the GTM plan for building and scaling GenAI on AWS, interact with customers directly to understand their business problems, and work with and 3rd party model providers and our solutions architects to help them define and implement scalable GenAI solutions to solve them. You will also work closely with account teams and product teams to drive model implementations and develop new solutions.

Role Responsibilities

 Represent the voice of the customer; collaborate with field and central teams to bring customer feedback to product teams. Lead curation of custom feature and availability requests for unique customer use cases. Provide advanced technical knowledge to your aligned GTM teams to unblock our customers’ largest and most critical business challenges. Along with your extended team, own the technical bar for specialist technical artifacts and standards. Collaborate with your GTM colleagues to provide technical insights into GTM strategy and support field marketing to execute local technical events, campaigns, and customer engagements. Act as a thought leader sharing best practices through forums such as AWS blogs, whitepapers, reference architectures and public-speaking events such as AWS Summit, AWS re: Invent, etc. Guide and Support an AWS internal community of technical subject matter experts aligned to your customers. Create field enablement materials for the broader SA population to help them understand how to integrate new AWS solutions into customer architectures.

A day in the life

Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

About The Team

Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.

Basic Qualifications

 Experience within specific technology domain areas (e.g. software development, cloud computing, systems engineering, infrastructure, security, networking, data & analytics).

Preferred Qualifications

 1. History of successful technical consulting and/or architecture engagements with large-scale customers or enterprises. 2. Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud. 3. Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT Management, and developers. 4. Working knowledge of software development tools and methodologies. AWS Solution Architecture certification or relevant cloud expertise. 5. Computer Science /relevant degree and/or experience highly desired.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - AWS EMEA SARL (Germany Branch)

Job ID: A2845681