
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4112947241

Configuration Engineer



Date Posted:

2024-10-28

Country:

Germany

Location:

B/E Aerospace Fischer GmbH, Landshut, Germany

Position Role Type:

Unspecified

Collins Aerospace, a renowned market leader in aerospace technology, has a significant presence in Landshut, Germany. As a pioneer of innovation, Collins Aerospace in Landshut plays a crucial role in advancing aviation solutions that redefine the boundaries of aerospace excellence.

Located in the heart of Bavaria, Landshut serves as a strategic hub for Collins Aerospace operations, leveraging the region’s rich heritage of engineering expertise and technological innovation. With a strong focus on research and development, the Landshut facility is dedicated to designing and manufacturing state-of-the-art aerospace components and systems that contribute to the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of global air travel.

Collins Aerospace has a long history of innovation and excellence. We foster a culture of innovation where creativity and forward-thinking are encouraged. Joining the Collins team means becoming part of a prestigious organization shaping the future of aerospace.

We offer:

A secure job with competitive compensationFlexible working hours and remote work optionsThe advantages of being a strong regional employer combined with the career potential of an international corporationA family-oriented workplace atmosphere with open communicationStructured onboardingExtensive individual training opportunities through the Collins Aerospace Scholarship ProgramAccess to a company bike program (JobRad)An attractive discount program via our corporate portalA high standard of workplace safety and health protection

As part of our continued operations, we are looking to hire a Configuration Engineer to support our team. This position will be responsible for product and data configuration to ensure that the Engineering deliverables of an integrated program are in line with the business and customer configuration requirements, as well as responsible for the end to end product and data configuration to ensure traceabiity and configuration control.

 Act as the Configuration and Change Subject Matter Expert working closely with Engineering and business teams.  Ensure configuration of the product end to end (from design through to serial production), is traceable and retrievable throughout the full lifecycle of the product.  Responsible for the configuration processes and data Ensure Configuration Management plan is fulfilled and compliant with business, customer and agency regulatory requirements.  Ensure Change implementation through business process and planning Coordinate with IPTs & Airworthiness to ensure control of change impact and embodiment (impacts on manufacturing, suppliers, Customer Assembly Lines, Service Bulletins, etc.) Chair the Change Control Board (Change Implementation Board).  Provide Regular status reporting on configuration/change management Drive Effectiveness improvements projects in line with the business strategy for digitalization (PLM, ERP, Workflow, Variants, processes, Lessons Learnt, tools etc).  Monitor and track change progress and cost estimations.  Set up and maintain configuration KPI’s Ensure the change process responsibilities are fully aligned and supporting the IPT. 

RTX is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms