
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4113641300

Rollout Manager



Job Description

Rollout Manager is accountable to plan and manage the roll out of the deployment activities for whole or part of a customer project, ensuring the project is delivered in scope of contractual obligations and within forecasted costs, time and required quality.

Deployment activities cover: site acquisition & permitting, site engineering, civil and cable works, implementation, network integration & migration, interoperability & testing, acceptance. Continuous E2E project management of the deployment activitiesScheduling, forecasting and progress trackingControl and optimization of services delivery performance (operational KPIs)Coordination of the stakeholders (internal or external) involved in the deployment services 

How You Will Contribute And What You Will Learn

Create, maintain and manage rollout schedules, including sub-contractors and quality management.

Liaise and work with Project Manager and customer to align on scope, processes, schedule and budget.Prepare and maintain resource plan and forecast including own resources, subcontractor needs and tools. Manage Site Supervisors. Monitor, track and ensure deliveries of equipment and installation materials.Implement proactive change management to keep the rollout activities on trackEnsure that quality performance target is reached, addressing and correcting any deviationEnsure that final site acceptance certificate is collected from the customer (as per the contract). Ensure that site drawings are updated as per As-built documentation and/or As-installed specificationsPerform regular meetings to monitor progress and solve potential issues.Participate in elaboration of subcontractor’s strategies.

Identifies and support up-scopes in cooperation with the Customer Project Management team

Key Skills And Experience

Ability to coordinate different project stakeholders Problem solving attitude (make it happen) Good written and oral communications skills in German and English Willingness to travel and work in other locations in the Germany – up to 50%.Degree in Telecommunications / electrical engineering or vocational schoolDeep experience in mobile telecom site design, construction and installationDeep MS office and database skills.Teamplayer Ideally > 2 years of field experience, e.g. installation, integration, or operation of mobile telecom infrastructure> 5 years’ experience in the mobile telecom services business or in a project management or engineering function.Extended security clearance necessary for this positionJob Grade:8 – meeting above requirements

9 or 10 – with solid experience in rollout management of complex mobile telecom infrastructure projects

About Us

 Come create the technology that helps the world act together

Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world.

We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work

What we offer

Nokia offers continuous learning opportunities, well-being programs to support you mentally and physically, opportunities to join and get supported by employee resource groups, mentoring programs and highly diverse teams with an inclusive culture where people thrive and are empowered.

Nokia is committed to inclusion and is an equal opportunity employer

Nokia has received the following recognitions for its commitment to inclusion & equality:

 One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere  Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg  Workplace Pride Global Benchmark 

At Nokia, we act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people. Nokia’s employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect.

Join us and be part of a company where you will feel included and empowered to succeed.

About The Team

As Nokia's growth engine, we create value for communication service providers and enterprise customers by leading the transition to cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models. Our inclusive team of dreamers, doers and disruptors push the limits from impossible to possible.