
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4114787181

Associate Professional Services Consultant - Early Career Program



Description

Role starts in March or September 2025

Do you want to experiment with innovative technologies, including Cloud Computing, Machine Learning, and Internet of Things? Are you passionate about educating, training, designing, and building enterprise cloud computing solutions for a diverse and challenging set of customers?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking recent graduates, early career professionals, and advanced career professionals with limited technical experience interested in jump-starting a career as an Associate Professional Services Consultant.

Successful hires will be put through the Professional Services Consultant Program or the Tech U program depending on your specialization. These are accelerated workforce development programs focused on helping recent graduates and early career professionals build technical and professional skills to jump-start technical careers at AWS. The program features cohort-based training followed by on-the-job-training. You will complete specialized curriculum, shadow AWS experts, and receive coaching and on-the-job training to help you succeed in your new role.

Residents will also prepare to take the certification exams for AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner and AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate. During the program’s On-the-Job training phase, you will prepare for additional certifications that align to your role.

Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come build the future with us.

Associate Professional Services Consultant-

As an Associate Professional Services Consultant, you will partner with customers and several AWS teams to craft highly scalable, flexible and resilient cloud architectures that address customer business problems. As a trusted customer advocate, you will help organizations understand best practices around cloud-based solutions, and how to migrate existing workloads to the cloud. You will have the opportunity to help shape and execute a strategy to build min-share and broad use of AWS within organizations

The program offers the opportunity to specialize in an area of interest including:

 DevOps Specialist - A leader in building advanced computing systems that harness continuous integration/continuous deployment pipelines and utilize the strengths of cloud computing to build scalable and economical systems for clients. Cloud Infrastructure Architect - An expert in cloud-based networking and system rollouts. CIAs specialize in network performance, infrastructure provisioning, and building Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) Application Developer - AppDev resources are specialists in designing applications that run natively in the cloud. They are experts in building programs that run on any number of platforms including virtualized instances, containers, or server less architecture. Data & Analytics - Data & Analytics role supports our services that leverage data and produce business insights, which may include using Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI). Helping our customers use and integrate Big Data services in what is arguably our industry’s most exciting space. The portfolio of services covers EMR (Hadoop), DynamoDB (NoSQL), MongoDB, and Apache Cassandra Security Consultant - supports our services that have a focus on enabling security specialists using AWS Services including Identity Access Management (IAM), GuardDuty, Shield, Key Management Service (KMS), CloudTrail, CloudHSM, Inspector etc. Within AWS, security is job zero, and we believe that solid security practices are the foundation for using the Cloud. We are looking for candidates who are passionate about working with products targeted for security professionals.

About AWS

Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.

Early Career Talent

When you join Amazon Web Services as a student or recent graduate, you’ll have the chance for your voice to be heard and amplified. That’s because our teams are looking to learn as much from you as you’ll learn from them. Whether you’re graduating with a high school or equivalent diploma, associate degree, bachelor’s degree, MBA, or PhD, we offer a range of early career opportunities across the globe.

Sales, Marketing and Global Services (SMGS)

AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS) is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector. The AWS Global Support team interacts with leading companies and believes that world-class support is critical to customer success. AWS Support also partners with a global list of customers that are building mission-critical applications on top of AWS services.

EU AUTA Team

Basic Qualifications

 A degree in Computer Science / Engineering / Mathematics / Technology / Related science/technical field OR equivalent training, certifications, and/or experience (0-2 years). Experience with one of the programming languages like Java, Python, Ruby, Node.js, C#, or C++ OR the interest and technical ability to learn a programming language. Fluent in English and German

Preferred Qualifications

 Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly. Experience with Networking fundamentals including Security, Storage or Databases (Relational and/or NoSQL), Operating Systems (Unix, Linux, and/or Windows) Experience with software development lifecycle (SDLC) and agile/iterative methodologies; Experience with infrastructure as code, ops automation, and configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, or Ansible. Knowledge of the primary AWS services such as EC2, ELB, RDS, VPC, Route53, and S3. Experience around implementing cloud-based technology solutions - in a school project or while working for a company.

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - AWS EMEA SARL (Germany Branch) - H13

Job ID: A2848567