
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4115980151

Engineer



Register now for the next Examiner Campaign - likely to arise in Spring 2025!
Can you become a Patent Examiner without a Law Degree? Absolutely!
A Master's Degree in Engineering, Science or IT is fully sufficient to start a career as a European Patent Examiner.
But how? - We invest your first year in training, while offering full pay!Embrace the opportunity to embark on a new career without any concerns about your future or your security. The European Patent Office is renowned as one of the best and most stable employers in Europe, offering an exceptional and flexible package along with an exciting and fulfilling job!
What is it like, to work as a Patent Examiner?
✅ Innovation will be a constant part of your life.✅ You get a glimpse of the future! You will be first one to see the latest inventions in your field.✅ You will have a stable workplace where you get inspired and you can develop further.✅ Whether you work in the Office, from home or from one of our Member States: work-life balance has never been better!
Sounds impossible to have it all? We have not even listed all benefits!
Don't miss the next examiner recruitment campaign and sign up for the job alerts bellow! 🚀
The technical areas that we are currently particularly interested in are:
▪ Agri-Food: Agriculture, Tobacco▪ Digital: Core AI & Quantum Computing, Data Processing, Cybersecurity/ICT, Computer Devices, Computer Aided Design, Audio Transducers, Wireless Networks, Video Coding & Compression, Video Coding & Transmission, Video Processing & Cameras, Optical Communication, Error Handling, Sync&Mux, Racks, Frames, MIMO & NFC, Radar, Lidar, Distributed Processing▪ Electronics & Physics: Digital Memories & Electronic Switches, Robotic & General Control, Antennas & Microwaves, Optics, Acoustic, Display Control▪ Energy: Power Electronics / Electronic Drives, Power electronic converters / switched mode power conversion, Electric Motor Control, Electric Power Distribution▪ Health: Healthcare Informatics, Soft prostheses, Medical diagnosis▪ Infrastructure & Mechanics: Crushes, Culinary equipment, Refrigeration, Electrical Connectors▪ Materials & Production: Refining, Metallurgy, Textiles, Coatings▪ Mobility & Space Technologies: Cycles, Frames, Steering & Chassis, Electric Vehicles, Electro-mobility
If you are curious about future innovation too, please join us and complete your basic info by clicking on the "Apply" button.
We would like to keep in touch with you for further career opportunities, expected to arise in Spring 2025.
If you have already a profile with us, please subscribe to the Job alerts in our candidate portal.
#EPOCareers #EPOjobs #scientistjobs #engineeringjobs #ITjobs