
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4115997908

Senior Project Manager (f/m/d) for delegation to Egypt



Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company within Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.

What do you contribute?

Make a significant contribution to our epochal mega-project “Egypt High Speed ​​Rail”! As Senior Project Manager Onshore, you hold the reins in Egypt when it comes to the vehicle share. Whether high-speed (Velaro), commuter rail (Desiro) or freight locomotives (Vectron): at the head of a future team of over 100 people , cross-segment teams coordinate all on-site activities relating to the newly delivered vehicles. Ultimately, a project is about ensuring that trains run. This is exactly what you are responsible for, by carrying out on-shore project delivery across all phases - from the creation of commissioning plans, verification & validation, testing & commissioning to customer takeover. It is up to you to plan the resources, Ensure compliance with milestones and budget. It's clear that you know how to minimize non-conformance costs. That's why you're always on top of your game when it comes to risk and contract management. Customer satisfaction is your top priority. As the central contact person (f/m/d) for our customers, you will not only report project progress, manage claims and resolve escalations if necessary. You build trusting relationships with customers and maintain them continuously. You also ensure smooth processes internally. This means you work closely with the offshore project teams at the headquarters and pull together.

What are you bringing with you? 

The basis of your success is a completed university degree in engineering. You will also impress with many years of professional experience in railway technology. If you have acquired this in Rolling Stock or Testing & Commissioning, you are our ideal candidate (f/m/d). You are characterized by extensive experience in managing larger customer projects. You also have (at least) a C certification according to PM@Siemens. You are also an experienced relationship manager (f/m/d) who your customers value as a reliable partner with strong communication skills. You have very good English skills. Knowledge of German and/or Arabic is an advantage. You are willing to be delegated to Egypt for three years - with a subsequent guarantee of return to Germany.

What do we offer you?

Relocation support

We welcome applications from people from all over the world. That's why we support you, among other things, with moving costs and administrative procedures.

Mobile working/remote working

With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can do a significant amount of mobile work. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

Inclusion & Diversity

At Siemens Mobility we stand up against injustice and inequality. With us you will find an environment in which you can be yourself and belong.

You can find an overview of our benefits here.

How do you get in touch with us?

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.

www.siemens.com/de/de/company/jobs/faq.html

If you would like to obtain information on the subject of applications using our FAQ.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

If you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

If you would like to receive more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

The contact person for this job advertisement is Mr. Karl-Christian Gerbaulet.