
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4115981350

Senior Requirements Engineer (m/w/d)



We are looking for an experienced Requirements Engineer (m/f/d) to join our Software Development Applications team as soon as possible.
our range
Performance-based, market-oriented and fair remuneration with a safe employer (certifications: Great Place to Work, Fair Compensation)
Real work-life balance: 30 days vacation plus December 24th. and 31.12. Free additional special leave for special occasions Flexible working hours with flexitime Option for mobile working - also from other European countries ("workation") Possibility of a sabbatical for long-term employees (temporary) reduction in working hours for private reasons
Internal training and external training as part of our annual training budget
Sustainable mobilityComplete adoption of the Deutschlandticket JobService Bike Leasing (JobRad) as an additional mobility offer
Health and pension provision from the Fitnesscardpme family service for support in all situations. Height-adjustable desks as standard. Company pension provision
Collegial environment - value-based cultureDistinctive culture of trust, friendly and open cooperationPromoting a culture of innovation and participation through regular employee surveys as well as internal participation initiative RSU UpRSU internal initiative Corporate Social ResponsibilityInternal events: departmental and team events, summer and Christmas partiesAttractive office in the heart of Munich, based on cooperative workplace design, with very good public transport connections. Restaurant vouchers can be redeemed at restaurants or various supermarkets
Your tasks
You are responsible for the technical conception of our IT products. You coordinate with our customers and specialist departments on their requirements and translate these into implementable IT requirements. You question the content of concept proposals and always try to develop the optimal solution through mutual reviews in the team. You provide technical support to the project team in the implementation, testing and acceptance of projects. You provide technical support in discussions with customers/prospects in the context of pre- and post-sales
Your profile
You have successfully completed a degree in computer science, mathematics or natural sciences. You have several years of professional experience in requirements management or IT consulting. You work in a structured manner and have a solution-oriented way of thinking. You understand complex issues and can explain them simply and appropriately to your target group