
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4115322822

Outbound Product Manager, Google Distributed Cloud



Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.5 years of experience in product management or related technical role.2 years of experience developing or launching products or technologies within Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning (AI or ML).EU Citizenship required.

Preferred qualifications:

3 years of experience in a business function or role (e.g., strategic marketing, business operations, consulting).3 years of experience in a role preparing and delivering technical presentations to executive leadership.2 years of experience in software development or engineering.Understanding of business, channels, partnerships, ISVs, and marketing, with a portfolio level view of the business to drive growth.Understanding any one of the key cloud technologies (Compute, network, Storage, AI, Data) and can effectively map application and solution level customer requirements to technical requirements.

About The Job

At Google, we put our users first. The world is always changing, so we need Product Managers who are continuously adapting and excited to work on products that affect millions of people every day.

In this role, you will work cross-functionally to guide products from conception to launch by connecting the technical and business worlds. You can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development.

One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative, world-changing products to market is because of the collaborative work we do in Product Management. Our team works closely with creative engineers, designers, marketers, etc. to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. We're responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing specifically on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting, and tailoring our solutions to our users.

Due to the nature of this role of operating in highly restricted/secure customer environments, candidates may be required to obtain security clearance which is only obtainable by EU-nationals. 

As a Product Manager you are responsible for delivering the user experience for customers across both air-gapped and connected use cases. You will define and execute the training and documentation strategy for Google Distributed Cloud (GDC), covering pre-sales and post-sales training for customers and partners.

Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.

Responsibilities

Work with partner teams during product design and development to implement the requirements to turn Product Requirements Documents into Objectives and Key Results for one or more teams.Develop and secure buy-in for a product goal that identifies, defines, and supports the overall product narrative and direction.Deliver launches, maintenance, and retirement in collaboration with other cross-functional teams and stakeholders.Advocate products with customers, partner and industry analysts and be the aspect of the product at Industry events.Enhance business by driving business acceleration programs and sponsoring opportunities.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .