
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4115353776

Line Manager for Automation Projects (m/f/d) für Siemens Logistics GmbH



Together we make the difference

Siemens Logistics is a leading provider of innovative and high-performance solutions for airport logistics. The portfolio includes products and solutions for baggage and cargo handling, high-end software for the digitalization of logistics processes as well as an extensive range of maintenance and services. The company is represented worldwide through its regional companies and active in many countries. Our major customers include some of the world`s most prestigious airports as well as cargo hubs around the globe. Siemens Logistics is a fully owned subsidiary of Siemens AG.

We are looking for a professional who wants to work in a growing business environment and to be part of our journey to create and shape the airport logistics of tomorrow.

Become a part of our team at Siemens Logistics GmbH now as Line Manager for Automation Projects (m/f/d) in Nuremberg.

How You’ll Make An Impact

As Line Manager for our Automation Sub-Project Managers, you will be responsible for overseeing and developing a high-performing team of automation sub-project managers. You will play a vital role in ensuring project success through effective leadership, guidance, and strategic alignment. Your tasks will include:

Team Leadership and Development:

Lead and support the sub-project managers in the Automation department, ensuring they are well-equipped to manage global automation projects of varying complexity.Provide regular feedback, career development guidance, and training opportunities for team members.

Strategic Project Oversight:

Coordinate and oversee project plans, ensuring alignment with deadlines, budgets, resources, and risk management.Collaborate closely with project and offer managers during the offer and execution phases to maintain alignment and support project milestones.Monitor project progress, troubleshoot issues, and ensure a proactive approach to risk management and project opportunities.

Resource Management:

Effectively allocate and manage resources within the automation project teams, ensuring a balanced workload and optimized resource utilization.Maintain oversight of global work packages, including electrical hardware engineers, PLC software developers, etc.

Stakeholder Collaboration:

Facilitate communication between internal teams and external stakeholders to ensure smooth project execution and alignment with customer requirements.

Process Improvement:

 Actively contribute to and promote continuous improvement initiatives within the team and the organization.Encourage innovative approaches to project execution and support implementation of best practices.

Your Qualifications – Solid And Well-Rounded

Degree in Electrical Engineering or a similar field; alternatively, substantial relevant experience in engineering or automation project management.At least 5-7 years of experience in automation project management, lead engineering, or as a project manager with a proven record of managing global teams and projects.Experience as a certified project manager (e.g., PMP, PM@Siemens) is advantageous.Strong knowledge in automation technology, including TIA platforms, PLC software, SIMATIC, and Industrial Ethernet (e.g., Profinet).Familiarity with lean/agile methodologies and their applications within project management is a plus.Excellent leadership, team-building, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to motivate and inspire team members.Strong communication skills in both English and German, with an ability to manage multicultural, global teams and adapt to different stakeholders and proven experience working in an international setting with a high degree of cultural competence.A self-assured and adaptive communicator capable of managing conversations across various organizational levels.A results-oriented and reliable professional, able to work independently with a collaborative mindset.

What We Offer You

A dynamic international workplacePossibility for home office and flexible working hoursModern offices and a constructive team atmosphereSeminars for personal and professional training, and the opportunity to take over additional special projects and responsibilities for your personal growthEmployer-funded pension

Would you like to find out more about our work culture and your future job now? Then get to know it here

How To Contact Us – Easy And Direct

https://www.siemens-logistics.com/en/ if you would like to find out more about Siemens Logistics before applying. +49 (0) 7531869238 if you would like to clarify initial questions personally with our HR department. The contact person for this job advertisement is Mrs. Myriam Koppers. We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.