
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4116504139

Senior Project Manager (f/m/d) in Delegation to Egypt



If you really want to make a difference – make it with us

Siemens Mobility is a separately managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading supplier in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and related services. We have always been very innovative in making traveling faster, safer and more comfortable. Today, we need new solutions to new challenges such as climate change and rising populations worldwide. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion, always being one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures smart and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are pioneers in mobility who help to keep the world moving.

What do you contribute? 

Make a significant contribution to our mega project "Egypt High-Speed Rail"! As Senior Project Manager Onshore, you will pull the strings when it comes to the vehicle segment.Whether it’s high-speed trains (Velaro), commuter rail (Desiro), or freight locomotives (Vectron): You will lead a cross-segment team of more than 100 members and coordinate all on-site activities related to the newly delivered vehicles.In a project, it ultimately comes down to making trains run. This is precisely your responsibility as you manage the onshore project execution through all phases – from creating commissioning plans, verification & validation, testing & commissioning, to handover to the customer.It’s your task to plan resources, ensure milestones and budgets are met, and minimize non-conformance costs. Naturally, you are on top of risk and contract management.Customer satisfaction is your priority. As the central point of contact for our customer, you will not only report project progress, manage claims, and resolve escalations if necessary, but also build and maintain a trustful relationship with the customer.Internally, you ensure smooth operations by working closely with offshore project teams at headquarters, pulling together as one.

What do you bring along? 

The foundation of your success is a degree in engineering.Additionally, you bring extensive professional experience in railway technology. If you have gained this in Rolling Stock or Testing & Commissioning, you are our ideal candidate.You stand out with proven expertise in managing large customer projects and hold at least a C-level certification according to PM@Siemens.Furthermore, you are an experienced relationship manager whose customers value you as a reliable and strong communicator.You have excellent English skills. Knowledge of German and/or Arabic is advantageous.Finally, you are willing to be delegated to Egypt for three years, with a guaranteed return to Germany afterward.

What do we offer you? 

Relocation support

We welcome applications from people all over the world. That's why we support you with relocation costs and dealing with the authorities, among other things.

Mobile working /Remote working

With us, you will have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can work remotely to a considerable extent. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

Inclusion & Diversity

At Siemens Mobility, we're committed to fighting injustice and inequality. At our company, you will find an environment where you can be yourself and belong.

You Can Find An Overview Of Our Benefits Here.

How do you get in touch with us? 

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens Mobility before applying.

Www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs/faq.html

if you would like to obtain more information about the application process.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

if you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

if you would like more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.

The contact person handling this job ad is Mr. Karl-Christian Gerbaulet.