
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4116771424

Product Manager (m/f/d)



As a product manager, you are an important part of our product management team and help with the further development, coordination and communication of product-specific changes. Together with our world-class team, currently consisting of 4 members, you will play an important role in pushing the boundaries of drone technology.

You will work closely with stakeholders from training management, engineering, marketing and sales to create resources that take a user from beginner to power user. With your content for our customers' performance, you support Quantum Systems' mission to transform decision-making processes through data intelligence from the air.

What is your Day to Day Mission:

Independent strategic planning, control and organization of the product range across the entire product life cycle. Product-specific interface & close collaboration with the R&D, Marketing, Customer Success & Sales team to realize product ideas & increase the customer experience. Close collaboration with management in the strategic orientation of our products the specified goalsIndependent market observation and derivation of market requirements for current and future products and featuresDevelopment and communication of a company-wide go-to-market plan in close coordination with internal stakeholdersRegular Monitoring of the product portfolio & ongoing needs analysis of product improvements


What you bring to the team:

You have a completed technical degree, e.g. mechanical engineering, industrial engineering or similar. You can draw on at least 5 years of professional experience in technical product management/project management. You have a very good understanding of the needs of our customers and the ability to quickly understand company processes. You have a high level of self-motivation and advance your area of ​​responsibility independently. Your open, communicative, friendly and competent demeanor makes it easy for you to be seen as an internal expert by your colleagues Communication in English is a given for you.


Why Quantum Systems:

We believe in the power of combined capabilities: clear technical expertise coupled with a customer-centric focus. We are industry pioneers who are ambitious, courageous and visionary. We push boundaries, think outside the box and strive for technological excellence to shape the future of aerial data .We promise that we will be your launchpad for individual and professional growth.


Our benefits:

Employer-financed company pension plan: We support you so that you can plan now for later.Flexible working hours: Through trust-based working hours, you not only shape your working hours, but also your work-life balance.Mobile working: If things are too turbulent for you in our office you can get the necessary compensation through mobile working.Bike leasing: We support you in staying mobile and healthy in an environmentally conscious manner.Corporate Benefits: Your opportunity for attractive offers and discounts well-known providers and brands such as Adidas, Apple, Expedia.Employee events We not only want to grow together, but also celebrate our successes together.Lunchcard: We sponsor your daily lunch budget.


About us:

Quantum-Systems specializes in the development, design and production of small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS). The company's electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft are designed for maximum flight duration and versatility, providing users with a seamless user experience. By integrating cutting-edge software capabilities such as edge computing and real-time AI-powered data processing, Quantum Systems is building next-generation UAS for customers in security, defense, public safety, commercial and geographic operations across Europe.