
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4116548422

Intern IT Architecture (w/m/x)



THE FUTURE OF MOBILITY? DIGITAL.

SHARE YOUR PASSION.

More than 90% of all innovations in automobiles are based on electronics and software. This is where great freedom and networked thinking are required in order to reinvent mobility and enable a completely new driving experience. That's why we not only give students the opportunity to listen, but also to have a say and think ahead.

We, the BMW Group, offer you an exciting and varied internship in the field of IT architecture.

What awaits you?

You will support our enterprise architecture team in Financial Services IT. In our product and technology integration department you will support product portfolio management and in the area of ​​enterprise architecture (enterprise application architecture, enterprise information architecture, Enterprise Technical Architecture).You will work according to agile methodology (Scrum) in a motivated team and get to know the activities of an enterprise architect.You will gain insights into the application landscapes of numerous markets, You will help with data collection and documentation as well as with the creation and updating of architectural images. You will learn how to use the tools in the architectural environment and support the maintenance and evaluation of the EA repository, including reporting and creation of graphical overviews.


What are you bringing with you?

Study of computer science, business informatics, economics or a comparable course of study. First practical experience with agile methods as well as in dealing with Jira and Confluence is an advantage. Ideally, first practical experience in IT or with IT architectures. Confident use of MS Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint.Fluent German skills required, very good English skills. Teamwork and communication skills.


What do we offer you?

Comprehensive mentoring & onboarding.Personal & professional development.Flexible working hours.Mobile work.Attractive remuneration.Apartments for students (subject to availability & only at the Munich location).And much more see bmw.jobs/waswirbieten.


Do you enjoy learning new things and actively supporting our department? Apply now!

At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are particularly important to us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. Our recruiting decisions are therefore based on your personality, experience and skills.

More about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity.

Start date: from February 17, 2025

Duration: 6 months

Working hours: full time

Contact:

BMW Group HR team

+49 89 382-17001

Intern IT Architecture (f/m/x) 

Corporate division: BMW AG

Location: Munich

Working area: IT architecture

Job ID: 136971

Release date: January 7, 2025

Internship/thesis