
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4116513739

Unsolicited Application



At Proxima Fusion, we're driven by a bold mission – to redefine the future of sustainable energy. Our unique concept, built upon the groundbreaking W7-X stellarator and the latest advances in technology, paves the way for commercially viable fusion power plants. 

Our work in stellarator optimization, powered by cutting-edge computation and machine learning, is propelling us into uncharted territories of fusion technology. New higher performance design points are unlocked by high temperature superconducting magnets and we're leveraging this technology with advanced computational design capabilities. 

We're on a journey to redefine the energy landscape, ensuring a sustainable future for generations to come.

We are always on the lookout for candidates who can bring something new to our team. If you don’t see an open position which perfectly matches your experience and skills then please consider an unsolicited application. Speculative applications for exceptional and mission-driven candidates with diverse experience (e.g. fusion, nuclear, robotics, aerospace, etc.) are always welcome. Tell us more about yourself and join us on our mission to redefine the future of clean energy!

If you are:

Someone who not only demonstrates talent and outstanding proficiency in your field but also welcomes every opportunity for continuous growth and innovation;Passionate about fusion technology and sustainable energy, driven by a vision of creating a greener future;Enthusiastic about tackling new challenges in a fast paced start-up environment;Eager to contribute to the strength and breadth of our diverse team;An exceptional team player, bringing not only dedication but also collaboration skills to the table;


You will help us by:

Playing a pivotal role in shaping the future of clean energy;Finding inventive and pragmatic solutions that push forward the development and deployment of stellarator power plants;Taking initiative and ownership by finding ways to contribute with your unique skills;Collaborating closely with industry-leading professionals to drive innovation and excellence


In return, you will get:

Fulfilling Mission: Work on harnessing the universe's fundamental energy source that powers the stars. If you want to contribute directly to transforming the way we produce energy in the world, Proxima is the place to beIncredible Team: Join a mission-driven, team-oriented, excellence-seeking team from all over the globe. We're working on fusion to change the world and we thrive in a supportive and rewarding environmentWorld-Leading Partners: We are supported by internationally renowned groups, industrial companies and technical advisors with experience built on groundbreaking fusion experimentsShared Success: Live the success of the company by taking part in a generous stock options program. We aim for every team member to feel a shared sense of ownership, responsibility, and prideHealthy Environment: We take care of each other, while pushing ourselves to our best - we are on a marathon, not a sprint. We offer language courses for team members and their families. Every team member receives a ticket for free public transport in Munich and on all regional trains in Germany


Proxima Fusion is firmly committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse work environment. We embrace the principles of equality and stand against discrimination on the basis of age, disability, gender, race, religion or belief, gender reassignment, marriage/civil partnership, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation.

Our organizational culture values and promotes equal opportunities for everyone, recognizing that a diverse team brings a richness of perspectives and contributes to our overall success. We encourage and welcome applications from candidates with various backgrounds, talents, and potential. Our selection process is solely based on individual merit, ensuring fair and impartial consideration for all applicants.