
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4116513636

Praktikum - Brand Strategy / Management (w/m/d)



Work environment 

Shape the future-oriented direction of the Audi brand with us. Working in the area of ​​brand strategy/management offers you the opportunity to gain insights into Audi's global brand strategy and the associated strategic brand management and brand control. With the corporate identity we develop the brand appearance as well as the basis for labeling our products and services. We are also responsible for the communication and experiential strategy as well as the overarching message management for marketing communication. Your range of tasks ranges from strategic analyses, to the development of strategic fields of action and communication concepts, to the creation of management documents. You can show your skills in your own projects and take on responsibility in our team. Your main tasks include:

Job Purpose/Role

Support in the further development and control of the brand strategy Support in the development of strategic fields of action and their operationalization Support of the team in project management with regard to the creation of management documents, communication concepts, project and workshop documents, preparation of appointments and eventsVisualization of strategic topics in Power Point Development of briefings, presentations and Analyzes Interdisciplinary, cross-departmental collaboration with specialist departments and external agencies

Key Requirements/Skills/Experience

Study of economics, business or social sciences or in the areas of graphic/media design, media/communications management, master's degree is an advantage. Ideally, practical experience in the areas of strategic management and/or project work. Confident use of common design tools (e.g. Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Pro )Very good MS Office knowledge, especially Power Point. Independent work and high level of initiative. Confident demeanor, quick comprehension and very good communication skills (German/English). Visible Willingness to innovate and renew as well as creativity and fun working in a team

Additional Information

This position is available at AUDI AG in Ingolstadt.

Generally all positions can be worked part time.

We embrace diversity, actively encourage inclusion and create an environment that fosters each employee's individuality in the interests of the company.

Reference code: I-P-106367.

Questions answered by Mr. Career Chat Career Chat by calling 0123456789