
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117879354

Consultant IT Strategy



Why Gartner Consulting:

Gartner’s Consulting business is an extension of Gartner’s industry-leading Research. We partner directly with CIOs and business leaders across industry and government, helping organisations make smarter and faster decisions to achieve their mission-critical priorities.

We are a diverse team of strategy thought leaders, specialising in technology innovation and transformation.

The strategic consulting engagements we deliver are unbiased and independent, helping challenge conventional thinking and accomplish ground-breaking results for our clients across all areas of their business.

Gartner Consulting has grown rapidly but still only serves a small percentage of Gartner clients, the potential to grow this further is huge .

Our Consulting team is made up of strategists, innovators, consultants, digital experts, former practitioners, and technologists, delivering 2,100+ technology-driven strategic consulting engagements annually.

Gartner is investing in the growth of its Consulting business and we have highly ambitious growth plans in place for the next 5 years.

We are a growing consulting firm, with all the benefits and potential future career opportunities that brings.

Our business continues to grow at record levels this year and are looking for talented individuals to join our team across all our industry verticals.

About the role:

As a Gartner Consultant you will get the opportunity to accelerate your personal & professional development, create a positive mindset, and make a significant impact to our distinguished clients. You will work closely with our Consulting leadership team leveraging our powerful Gartner research insights to provide our clients with bespoke viable solutions.

What will you do?

The Consultant will work on high-impact project delivery and support our clients across industries, driving growth of our IT Strategy offerings Use our continuously renewed research and benchmarks to provide actionable insights and clear recommendations to our clients. Learn & Grow into the best version of yourself with regional colleagues and community of EMEA practitioners, who are truly helping each other in this journey Play an active role in making client engagements successful using your strong analytical, interpersonal, creative thinking & business management skillsWork in the most complex environments, organizations & institutions to bring them into the digital era

What will you need?

Bachelor's degree, ideally a Master's degree, preferably in business, management, computer science, or a related field. Minimum 2 years of previous experience in Digital Business, IT Strategy / Operating Model or similar, ideally within the Consulting IndustryProfound organizational skills within a fast-paced, deadline driven environmentFluency in German and English is a must. 

Who are you?

You enjoy learning and challenging yourself every day through working with colleagues from different backgroundsSelf-starter and a quick learner, you demonstrate no-limits mindsetPassionate about technology and helping clients in the time of industry disruption led by technology evolutionHigh performing team player with a passion for intercultural communication and collaboration 

Who are we?

At Gartner, Inc. (NYSE:IT), we guide the leaders who shape the world.

Our mission relies on expert analysis and bold ideas to deliver actionable, objective insight, helping enterprise leaders and their teams succeed with their mission-critical priorities.

Since our founding in 1979, we’ve grown to more than 20,000 associates globally who support ~15,000 client enterprises in ~90 countries and territories. We do important, interesting and substantive work that matters. That’s why we hire associates with the intellectual curiosity, energy and drive to want to make a difference. The bar is unapologetically high. So is the impact you can have here.

What makes Gartner a great place to work?

Our sustained success creates limitless opportunities for you to grow professionally and flourish personally. We have a vast, virtually untapped market potential ahead of us, providing you with an exciting trajectory long into the future. How far you go is driven by your passion and performance.

We hire remarkable people who collaborate and win as a team. Together, our singular, unifying goal is to deliver results for our clients.

Our teams are inclusive and composed of individuals from different geographies, cultures, religions, ethnicities, races, genders, sexual orientations, abilities and generations.

We invest in great leaders who bring out the best in you and the company, enabling us to multiply our impact and results. This is why, year after year, we are recognized worldwide as a great place to work.

What do we offer?

Gartner offers world-class benefits, highly competitive compensation and disproportionate rewards for top performers.

In our hybrid work environment, we provide the flexibility and support for you to thrive — working virtually when it's productive to do so and getting together with colleagues in a vibrant community that is purposeful, engaging and inspiring.

Ready to grow your career with Gartner? Join us.

The policy of Gartner is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status and to affirmatively seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.

Gartner is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including job seekers with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company’s career webpage as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling Human Resources at +1 (203) 964-0096 or by sending an email to ApplicantAccommodations@gartner.com.

Job Requisition ID:94926

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.