
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117132761

Head (w/m/d) Rail Support Center



Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company within Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.

What do you contribute?

You will take on business responsibility for the portfolio unit function "Rail Support Center". There you will lead a team of around 30 employees (your own and temporary staff) consisting of fleet managers (ECM III), those responsible for ownership and other support functions (EHS, IT, etc.).You strategically develop the support center approach of Customer Service (CS) into a "digital spearhead" with a role model function for the global organization and ensure the networking of the regional/national support units.You are responsible for the Audit-proof design of ECM processes. To do this, you will work closely with the ECM business partners. You will ensure transparency and competitiveness in support services, including corresponding productivity improvements. You will interact with the management and teams of CS Rolling Stock, CS process units, vehicle side units, regional units and their depots, Customers, partners and workshops (national/international) and, last but not least, auditors (TÜV, etc.). Together with your team, you standardize, automate and digitalize the support services, especially in the administration area. To do this, you will also introduce appropriate digital tools and dashboards.

What are you bringing with you?

You have completed a master's degree in business administration. In addition, you have many years of experience and expert knowledge in the maintenance of rail vehicles. In addition, you must also have many years of experience with ECM II and/or ECM III responsibility. You are familiar with the relevant ECM regulations. You have experience in implementing programs to increase productivity/process improvement in the railway environment. You can convince us with experience in the disciplinary management of employees. You are recommended for your project management knowledge and structured approach as well as your experience in maintenance and their standardization.You have experience in dealing with national companies and customers from the operator/railway transport company sector.You are used to working in interdisciplinary and international teams and with a wide variety of stakeholders communicate.Fluent business skills in German and English round off your profile. 

What do we offer you?

Purpose

We are pioneers of mobility. With us, you will actively contribute to the transport transition and climate protection in a future market because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

Inclusion & Diversity

At Siemens Mobility we stand up against injustice and inequality. With us you will find an environment in which you can be yourself and belong.

Mobile working/remote working

With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can do a significant amount of mobile work. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

You can find an overview of our benefits here.

How do you get in touch with us?

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.

www.siemens.com/de/de/company/jobs/faq.html

If you would like to obtain information on the subject of applications using our FAQ.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

If you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

If you would like to receive more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

The contact person for this job advertisement is Ms. Veronika Windmaier.