
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117822794

Internship - Delivery Management Digitalization (f/m/d)



Work environment 

In the area of ​​delivery management digitalization, we are the first point of contact in the production and logistics division for all central areas and locations for the development and implementation of digitalization projects. We have operational project and result responsibility for digitalization projects in the Production and Logistics division and in the Volkswagen Group with implementation responsibility at AUDI. We manage digitalization projects in accordance with the P digitalization strategy and provide the departments with methods for creating IT-supported solutions. Our responsibility ranges from conception, implementation and roll-out to handover to IT operations and the end user, taking quality, time and costs into account.

Job Purpose/Role

You are part of a VW group-wide team to develop modern, cloud-based IT solutions in the area of ​​production. You support Audi Product Management in planning, control, implementation and reporting. Within the program, you support individual agile teams in the implementation of IT services You will take on both administrative and organizational tasks

Key Requirements/Skills/Experience

You are completing a degree in mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, computer science or a comparable course of study. You have good knowledge of MS Office applications and ideally know agile software development. You work independently, are team-oriented, have a general IT affinity and enjoy working with us on new technologies You are creative and solution-oriented You have already gained initial experience in project management with interdisciplinary teams You are available for a 6-month internship

Additional Information

This position is available at AUDI AG in Ingolstadt.

Generally all positions can be worked part time.

We embrace diversity, actively encourage inclusion and create an environment that fosters each employee's individuality in the interests of the company.

Reference code: I-P-106397.

Questions answered by Mr. Career Chat Career Chat by calling 0123456789