
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117186394

Mining Project Manager (m/f/d)



Job ID: 4860

Location

Erlangen, DE

JobID: 4860

Location: Erlangen M Sch 60

Specialist department: IN SO PE HQ PM 4

Type of employment: Full-time / Permanent

To strengthen our team at Innomotics, we are looking for a project manager (m/f/d) mining

The industry leader for engines and drives

Innomotics is an industry-leading provider of motors and large drive systems. Backed by more than 150 years of mechanical engineering experience, our products power all of the world's major industries. Today we are bringing the #EnergyTransition to life with a portfolio that enables our customers to increase energy efficiency, reduce greenhouse gases and minimize the carbon footprint of facilities.

Our strongest engine: our employees 

We are a team of more than 15,000 dedicated experts, makers and innovators. For us, shaping the future means keeping companies moving. As a global player that operates with the spirit and speed of a medium-sized champion, the future offers us unlimited possibilities. If you have the same courage as us and want to be among the best, you have come to the right place.

Your future role

You will coordinate and process inquiries and projects in mining for new/modernization/ and retrofit projects on your own responsibility. Typical content of the projects are medium-voltage/low-voltage converters, low-voltage/medium-voltage systems, low-voltage/medium-voltage drives as well as hardware/software/assembly/and Commissioning services. You will also work in international, virtual teams with your colleagues/specialists. You will be responsible for compliance with budget, costs, quality as well Deadlines and always keep an eye on the opportunities and risks. You follow the defined PM standards and business rules and regularly report the project progress. During the project period, you take over the technical management of the employees assigned to you and manage selected sub-companies. You support the project Sales and apply their knowledge during the offer phase in order to show the best possible solution for our customers. This includes the independent processing of inquiries and ensuring customer satisfaction beyond the completion of the project until the end of the warranty phase.

Your profile

You have completed a technical degree (e.g. bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, drive technology) with relevant practical experience in project management. Alternatively, you have technical training (state-certified technician) with several years of relevant professional experience. You have knowledge of contract law, claim management. and risk management.You have several years of experience in construction site management and can manage several subcontractors at the same time.You are familiar with the most common standards of DIN VDE and the Mining-specific standards from experience in hardware engineering and software engineering would be desirable. You enjoy working independently and in a goal-oriented manner in a wide variety of teams, including virtual collaboration with colleagues. You also impress with strong communication skills, openness, flexibility, resilience and a good attitude Self-organization.You also score points with your reliable way of working, future-oriented thinking, a strong customer and service orientation as well as your collegiality.You have fluent German and English skills, supplemented by the basic willingness to occasionally travel worldwide.

What’s DrIN for you (Our Benefits)

Remuneration in accordance with the applicable collective agreements of the metal and electrical industry 30 days of vacation Flexible working time models Attractive retirement provision Numerous further training opportunities Diverse health offers Child care subsidy Employer subsidy for the Deutschlandticket Canteens with reduced prices for employees Access to an advantage portal with attractive employee offers

Are you ready to shape the future with us? Join Innomotics and start making a difference now. 

#TeamInnomotics #JoinReliableMotion 

Innomotics is an equal opportunity employer and values ​​diversity. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.

Jobs at Innomotics: Find out more about jobs & careers at Innomotics.