
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117184554

Electrical Hardware Engineering (m/f/d)



Job ID: 4863

Location

Erlangen, DE

JobID: 4863

Location: Erlangen M Sch 60

Specialist department: IN SO PE HQ PM 4

Type of employment: Full-time / Permanent

To strengthen our team at Innomotics, we are looking for an engineer (m/f/d) for electrical hardware engineering

The industry leader for engines and drives

Innomotics is an industry-leading provider of motors and large drive systems. Backed by more than 150 years of mechanical engineering experience, our products power all of the world's major industries. Today we are bringing the #EnergyTransition to life with a portfolio that enables our customers to increase energy efficiency, reduce greenhouse gases and minimize the carbon footprint of facilities.

Our strongest engine: our employees 

We are a team of more than 15,000 dedicated experts, makers and innovators. For us, shaping the future means keeping companies moving. As a global player that operates with the spirit and speed of a medium-sized champion, the future offers us unlimited possibilities. If you have the same courage as us and want to be among the best, you have come to the right place.

Your future role

You create hardware concepts for control / switching cabinets, safety concepts, energy supply and are responsible for electrical hardware engineering in various mining projects in the mining industry. You create and define grounding and electrical assembly requirements. You are responsible for creating the circuit documents and specifications for the control cabinet assembly. The creation of specifications for third-party suppliers as well as the awarding and acceptance of electrical assembly/workshop services are also part of your area of ​​responsibility. You will work in our Electrical Hardware Engineering team as well as in Close coordination with the lead engineer and the automation engineers in the respective customer project. You coach employees in the application of electrical hardware concepts. In addition, you support the offer managers in the calculations for the end customer offer Your tasks include technical guidance and training of employees, as well as supporting our managers in know-how management. In addition, you drive the continuous improvement of work processes.

Your profile

You have completed a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, automation, energy technology - alternatively further training to become a state-certified technician with many years of professional experience. You also have several years of relevant experience in electrical hardware engineering, control cabinet planning and control cabinet construction, testing and commissioning, as well as basic knowledge of components of control technology, regulation and drive technology.You know the applicable, relevant implementation guidelines and standards.In-depth knowledge of EPLAN P8, ideally also of Bring ELCAD or comparable CAD tools with you. Personally, you will impress us with your communicative skills and your enjoyment of working together in a team. You have fluent German and English skills and a general willingness to travel worldwide on occasion.

What’s DrIN for you (Our Benefits)

Remuneration in accordance with the applicable collective agreements of the metal and electrical industry 30 days of vacation Flexible working time models Attractive retirement provision Numerous further training opportunities Diverse health offers Child care subsidy Employer subsidy for the Deutschlandticket Canteens with reduced prices for employees Access to an advantage portal with attractive employee offers

Are you ready to shape the future with us? Join Innomotics and start making a difference now. 

#TeamInnomotics #JoinReliableMotion 

Innomotics is an equal opportunity employer and values ​​diversity. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.

Jobs at Innomotics: Find out more about jobs & careers at Innomotics.