
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117251923

Assistant Store Manager (m/f/d) Starbucks Munich Airport



We're all about a welcoming atmosphere, strong partnerships and forging top leaders. We're more than just coffee - we're a place where we support our team members on their journey to the stars. We encourage them to take on new challenges, sharpen their skills and have lots of fun! Our managers are the pioneers of our success - they implement their ideas and see the business flourish thanks to their efforts.

Tasks

You build the team by using professional tools for recruiting and ensuring the onboarding of new partners. You are responsible for training and motivating the partners and further developing the team. You support the store manager in feedback, performance and development discussions. You have the personnel metrics in place Store at a glance: personnel costs, planning of personnel requirements, roster creationYou ensure unique guest service by ensuring that processes and standards are adhered to


qualification

You love teamwork, like to motivate and lead by example. You are an all-rounder who takes responsibility and always strives to give our guests a wonderful experience. You are open and always want to discover and learn new things. You have experience in the catering industry, Retail or similarYou have experience in team leadershipYou work independently and responsiblyYou are strong in communication and have good knowledge of German and English


Benefits

Working conditions for a good work-life balance: Permanent contract, flexible working hours, annual working time accountAn enriching working atmosphere: Collaboration in passionate and multicultural teams; Colleagues who are more than just work partners; regular team eventsFair pay: standard remuneration, surcharges, Christmas and holiday bonuses, annual bonus, bonus for special achievementsAdditional benefits: weekly coffee benefit, job ticket, free drinks during the shift and much morePromotion of personal development: Comprehensive training, internal development opportunities, free language courses, Opportunity to participate in charitable activities in our Doing Good communityFree work-life platform with offers on health, family, work and much more morea parking space for your car at the airport


We look forward to getting to know you and creating the best coffee experience together!

Questions? We are happy to help you!

And hey, when you work with us, you'll always have enough coffee to rock you through the day!