
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117408107

Sales Engineering / Account Management Intern m/f/d - Garching bei München, Nuremberg or Regensburg, Germany



Job Description

Change the world. Love your job.

Are you an early technology adopter and want a glimpse of the latest products before anyone else? A Technical Sales Engineer internship may be a fit for you. Combine your technical skills with selling and marketing skills to help our customers solve their most challenging problems, and to develop and deliver innovative solutions across various end equipments. Technical Sales Engineers at TI work directly with customers to ensure TI technologies are in the world's next-generation innovations.

Technical Sales Engineer Intern Responsibilities Include

 Gain hands-on experience in one of our Field Sales Offices (FSO) learning the Technical Sales Engineer role and how we conduct business with our customers  Learn how our Technical Sales force engages with TI's business units and how TIs products help our customers to design leading edge products  Work on hands-on challenging projects including running a market analysis, customer case studies, running a project kick off, and making a final intern presentation 

Texas Instruments will not sponsor job applicants for visas or work authorization for this position.

Qualifications

Minimum Requirements: 

 Pursuing a Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering or related field 

Preferred Qualifications

 Ability to effectively balance strong technical skills with solid relationship-building capabilities  Demonstrated strong analytical and problem solving skills  Strong written, verbal communication skills  Ability to work in teams and collaborate effectively with people across various functions  Strong time management skills that enable on-time project delivery  Demonstrated ability to build strong, influential relationships  Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment  Ability to take the initiative and drive for results 

About Us

Why TI?

Engineer your future. We empower our employees to truly own their career and development. Come collaborate with some of the smartest people in the world to shape the future of electronics.We're different by design. Diverse backgrounds and perspectives are what push innovation forward and what make TI stronger. We value each and every voice, and look forward to hearing yours. Meet the people of TI Benefits that benefit you. We offer competitive pay and benefits designed to help you and your family live your best life. Your well-being is important to us.

About Texas Instruments

Texas Instruments Incorporated (Nasdaq: TXN) is a global semiconductor company that designs, manufactures and sells analog and embedded processing chips for markets such as industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment and enterprise systems. At our core, we have a passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors. This passion is alive today as each generation of innovation builds upon the last to make our technology more reliable, more affordable and lower power, making it possible for semiconductors to go into electronics everywhere. Learn more at TI.com .

Texas Instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse, inclusive work environment.

If you are interested in this position, please apply to this requisition.

About The Team

TI does not make recruiting or hiring decisions based on citizenship, immigration status or national origin. However, if TI determines that information access or export control restrictions based upon applicable laws and regulations would prohibit you from working in this position without first obtaining an export license, TI expressly reserves the right not to seek such a license for you and either offer you a different position that does not require an export license or decline to move forward with your employment.