
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117413381

Project employee construction and infrastructure (f/m/d)



For our Competence Center / Managed Services division, we are looking for you as a construction and infrastructure project employee (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youProjects – As part of the project team, you support the management of our (large) projects, e.g. B. in the areas of infrastructure, energy or industrial plant engineering. Your tasks include, for example: E.g. appointment planning, document management, quality management, cost tracking or the creation of reports.
Teamwork – In interdisciplinary project teams, you will work operationally on the realization of our projects in industry, commerce and the public sector as well as for contractors, project developers and investors. You support e.g. B. in project planning, management, and controlling or in the implementation of improvement measures.
Responsibility – You document your activities and results using PwC software and MS Office products. You will discuss these with managers and communicate them with our teams and our customers.
Development – ​​Comprehensive training courses and onboarding are available to you, especially at the beginning of your work, so that you are optimally prepared for your project team. What you bring with you: You have completed your training as an office clerk, industrial clerk, paralegal (f/m/d) or a comparable commercial or technical training. You have initial relevant professional experience or relevant specialist knowledge in the areas of project management/assistance, controlling, document management or Scheduling. Industry-specific software knowledge is also desirable. Ideally, you have previous professional experience in industries such as: B. construction, plant engineering, infrastructure, energy, public administration, etc., with or were able to build up initial project management methodological knowledge. You have very good spoken and written knowledge of German. Knowledge of English is an advantage. You are prepared to travel an average of 2-3 days per week. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.
Further training – You will continue to develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also support you with external training and further education measures.
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Mobility - For maximum mobility and flexibility, we provide you with a laptop and an iPhone that you can use privately and support you with the equipment (screen, furniture) for your home office. You will also receive a subsidy for the job ticket (Germany Ticket) and a BahnCard 50.
That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and of which we are proud. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our team, you will take on supporting or independent project activities. Focus areas such as the public sector, energy and sustainability, infrastructure, anti-financial crime and many others await you. With your knowledge from training, studies or previous employment, you can enter into subject areas, develop yourself further and contribute your professional expertise to the development of solutions. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application?
Please contact Sophie Maria Zimmermann on +49 69 9585-2222.