
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117181746

Product Owner (w/m/d) Railigent Foundation Services



Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company within Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.

What do you contribute?

Our Railigent Foundation Services convert a wide range of rail data into intelligent, customized services. These services enable, among other things, highly aggregated reports for the management level, remote monitoring of customer railway systems, quick diagnostics or preventative error prediction through to detailed cause analysis for maintenance in the depot.

As a Product Owner (f/m/d) Railigent Foundation Services, you will work as part of an agile team in our portfolio. The overarching goal is healthy, profitable growth through the sale of innovative services in the rail sector (e.g. APIs). You represent our customers within the agile team. In your role, you are responsible for defining stories and prioritizing the team backlog. You will optimize priorities during development while maintaining the conceptual and technical integrity of the features or components for the team. You will bring the content and technical specifications and frameworks designed by our product management and our architects to the agile team. You will also coordinate completion of Railigent components to be developed with the relevant stakeholders and ensure quality (data protection/security, etc.) as well as compliance with the budget.

What are you bringing with you?

You have completed a master's degree in business informatics, industrial engineering or a comparable field. In addition, you have several years of experience as a product owner for cloud-based products. You have already gained several years of experience working based on agile methods (ideally with the Scaled Agile Framework SAFe).You are intensively familiar with working on solutions and products from the areas of IoT, data science, MLOps, APIs and digital marketplaces and have the relevant market knowledge (providers, competitors).You also have In-depth knowledge of modern methods in requirements engineering and have already used them for several years. You are business-oriented and experienced in negotiations, like to communicate and speak confidently to a wide range of stakeholders. You have very good knowledge of English and German.

What do we offer you?

Purpose

We are pioneers of mobility. With us, you will actively contribute to the transport transition and climate protection in a future market because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

Mobile working/remote working

With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can be mobile to a certain extent. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

Work life balance

With flexible working hours and the possibility of a sabbatical, we create an environment that allows you to balance your professional and private life. Your working hours are regulated by collective agreements [35 hours per week], overtime is compensated and you benefit from 30 days of vacation per year.

You can find an overview of our benefits here.

How do you get in touch with us?

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.

www.siemens.com/de/de/company/jobs/faq.html

If you would like to obtain information on the subject of applications using our FAQ.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

If you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

If you would like to receive more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

The contact person for this job advertisement is Ms. Veronika Windmaier.