
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117542203

Consultant AI & Analytics Transaction Services (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Consultant AI & Analytics Transaction Services (f/m/d) for our Deals division as soon as possible. This is what awaits youTransaction consulting - Together with your team, you will analyze data in a variety of formats and sizes to solve our customers' challenges. You find new connections and recognize the proverbial needle in the (data) haystack. Analyzes - As a specialist for data and analysis, you act at the interface between data science and M&A and are responsible for data-supported analyzes within Financial Due Diligence (FDD) - both in national and international transactions.Evaluation - You analyze and evaluate business models, operational and financial value levers and growth opportunities of target companies. You will also use visualization tools to design central analyzes in a clear and understandable way.Networking - You will build a strong network - both internally and externally - and maintain contact with clients. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in computer science, business administration, mathematics, statistics, physics or a comparable course of study. You have at least one year of relevant experience in the area of ​​data science, transaction services or auditing. You have experience with programming languages ​​(e.g . B. Python, R) and ideally initial contact with financial calculations. Knowledge of BI tools and Alteryx is a plus. You have very good written and spoken German and English skills. You can explain complex issues in an understandable way and approach customers in a service-oriented manner. Your benefits Flexibility - you can choose your working hours and place of work with us - in coordination with the operational requirements and labor law regulations - determine yourself. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year.Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our deals team, you support companies in all phases of the deal cycle: from identifying suitable purchase or sales options to concluding negotiations. From company and market analysis, to advice on tax and legal issues, to integration. This means you always have an overview of the entire transaction process and our team succeeds in minimizing the risks of planned deals and maximizing the benefits. Work with us on exciting projects, with an incredible variety of topics integrated into a flexible design of your working day. ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Sarah Otrush on +4915146335584.