
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117413385

Manager SAP Supply Chain Consulting (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division, we are looking for you as Manager SAP Supply Chain Consulting (f/m/d) as soon as possible. This is what awaits youTeam leadership - You lead and motivate teams of experts to successfully implement SAP projects with a focus on EWM/TM and promote the further development of team members.Communication - You maintain relationships with internal and external stakeholders and ensure smooth communication with customers.Sales – You actively support the creation of offers and presentations to acquire new customers and projects. Process optimization – You analyze, harmonize and optimize the supply chain End-to-end processes to create the basis for the use of innovative technologies and industry solutions.Coordination - You coordinate design workshops and system demonstrations, implement user stories, clarify interdependencies and moderate solution design and interface discussions.  What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in (business) information technology, economics, (business) engineering, natural sciences or a comparable course of study. You can use your expertise in one of the core processes of supply chain management or in the respective assigned sub-processes You have several years of experience in the SAP TM/EWM context (inbound, outbound and/or internal processes) and integration into other SAP modules and external ones Systems.You have several years of experience in leading agile and multidisciplinary teams and managing (sub-)projects.Very good German and good English skills round off your profile. Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries.Family - We support you at the time of birth/adoption as well as when you return to work after your parental leave and beyond. If necessary, we can also support you in caring for relatives by arranging carers, special leave or part-time models. Security – For your (financial) security, we have put together various insurance packages (e.g. international health insurance or accident insurance) as well as a company pension plan. In addition, in the event of illness, we grant you an allowance to continue paying your wages beyond the statutory period of 6 weeks. Health - Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our ERP transformation team, you advise customers on the introduction of their individual ERP solutions. You support the optimization and digitalization of the entire process chain from finance, sales and purchasing to logistics and production and accompany you on the way to your ideal solution for resource planning. You will get to know companies in exciting industries and a wide variety of projects, from strategic preliminary studies to global rollouts. Become part of our team and support our customers throughout the entire ERP transformation project cycle!  ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Charlotte Dickel on +49 69 9585-2222.