
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117170043

Engineer, Field Applications, New College Grad Program



Come join Analog Devices (ADI) – a place where Innovation meets Impact. For more than 55 years, Analog Devices has been inventing new breakthrough technologies that transform lives. At ADI you will work alongside the brightest minds to collaborate on solving complex problems that matter from autonomous vehicles, drones and factories to augmented reality and remote healthcare.

ADI fosters a culture that focuses on employees through beneficial programs, aligned goals, continuous learning opportunities, and practices that create a more sustainable future.

ADI At A Glance

Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $12 billion in FY23 and approximately 26,000 people globally working alongside 125,000 global customers, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn.

Are you an engineer who enjoys working with others to solve challenging problems? Who likes working with customers and their engineering teams? Would you like to work with an industry-leading, growing company that offers cutting edge technology? If so, then Analog Devices’ Graduate Program is a great fit for you!

In this program, you’ll be working with engineers both internally to Analog Devices and externally at customer accounts, along with mentors in Sales Engineer and Applications Engineer roles, to solve some of the most complex engineering problems facing customers today.

You’ll learn through a structured development program that includes technical training, projects, job shadowing and coaching. The Graduate Program prepares you for a career in Analog Device’s Sales organization, either as a Field Sales Engineer or a Field Applications Engineer.

Skills you will develop include, but are not limited to:

 Educating customers on Analog Devices' solutions and products Developing and maintaining professional business relationships with customers Understanding and disseminating customers' system needs verses wants Proposing system solutions to customers Assist in the definition, design and development of new products and tools Developing new accounts and/or expanding existing customer accounts Best practices for customer support to resolve customer issues or difficulties

Qualifications and required skills include:

 Electronic Engineering degree Strong communication, interpersonal and organizational skills Team and customer oriented; strong ability to collaborate and work with others Strong problem solving and logical thinking skills Good lab measurement and debug skills Ability to operate with: An Ahead of What’s Possible mindset,High energy, Entrepreneurial thinking  Hands-on approach Able to demonstrate leadership characteristics Ability to travel 25-40% of time

Other Desired Interests: 

 Electronics engineer, Telecommunication, RF or similar related degree Able to relocate and have a right-to-work in Europe

Interested?

Then apply online

For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.

Analog Devices is an equal opportunity employer. We foster a culture where everyone has an opportunity to succeed regardless of their race, color, religion, age, ancestry, national origin, social or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, union membership, and political affiliation, or any other legally protected group.

Job Req Type: Graduate Job

Required Travel: Yes, 25% of the time