
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117990943

Supplier Quality Engineer (w/m/d)



Snapshot of your day 

As a Supplier Quality Engineer (f/m/d), your day begins with planning tasks, selecting new suppliers and communicating delivery and quality requirements. You work closely with central SQM units and experts to coordinate supplier development. After a lunch break in the canteen, you plan and carry out supplier audits, process complaints and implement corrective measures. Maintaining the monthly SQM reports and the supplier database is also part of your tasks. Your day ends with involvement in quality improvement projects and revision of delivery specifications.

How you can make a difference 

Selection, process and product qualification, support and monitoring of suppliers Collaboration with central SQM units to develop quality-relevant suppliers for an error-free supply chain Communication of delivery requirements and QS agreements Close collaboration with operational purchasing and internal specialists at the site Planning, implementation and documentation of supplier audits, participation at internal Q-Gates Maintenance of the monthly SQM reporting and the supplier database Complaint process control, quality discussions, revision of Delivery specifications, quality improvement projects, (partial) project management in development projects 


What you bring with you 

Completed degree in engineering or technician training with several years of relevant professional experience or comparable training. Sound knowledge and practical experience in the area of ​​quality management, ideally in the area of ​​supplier quality management. Technical knowledge in the area of ​​steam turbines or general mechanical engineering as well as knowledge of the SAP modules MM and QM are desirable; Training as a supplier auditor is an advantage. Basic knowledge of destructive and non-destructive testing procedures, standardization and the interpretation of technical drawings is an advantage. Hardening, mechanical processing and coatings Ability to work in a team, initiative and independent, structured work. Proactive, confident demeanor and assertiveness, especially when agreeing on improvement measures, willingness to travel worldwide (20%), business-fluent knowledge of German and English


About the team 

We enable the decarbonization of the industrial sector and the transition to sustainable processes by relying on a strong industrial customer base, a global network, diverse technologies and integrated implementation capabilities.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We cover the growing energy needs in over 90 countries and ensure our climate is protected. With over 94,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the world's population, but also use our technology to protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable and affordable energy a reality by continually pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We are proud of our 150-year heritage of innovation, which encourages us to look for people who support our focus on carbon reduction, new technologies and energy transition.

Find out more about how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our commitment to diversity 

It's a good thing we're not all the same. Diversity makes us powerful. We thrive on inclusion and our shared creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy relies on character - regardless of ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity or disability. We power society - all of society - and we do not discriminate based on differences that exist between us.

Benefits

In addition to an attractive, market-based compensation package, you can expect an attractive employer-financed company pension plan. We also offer the opportunity to become a shareholder of Siemens Energy at very interesting employee conditions. Under our motto #BetterTogether, we offer our employees the opportunity to work flexibly and remotely. But our offices also leave nothing to be desired and offer space for inspiring collaboration and creativity. The professional and personal development of our employees is very important to us. With us you have the opportunity to learn and develop yourself. A variety of attractive programs and measures are available for this purpose. We have a wide range of offerings under the aspect of “compatibility of family and work”, e.g. flexible working time models, childcare places at many locations, the possibility of trial part-time work or even a sabbatical 


We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs