
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117545129

Consultant Breitbandmarkt (w/m/d)



For our Transformation division we are looking for you as a Broadband Market Consultant (f/m/d) as soon as possible.  This is what awaits youAdvice - You will support the acceleration of infrastructure expansion (broadband and mobile communications) and will work with us to pursue the goal of ensuring the widespread availability of high-performance digital infrastructure and digital participation for all citizens.Responsibility - You will take on sub-projects and manage various project participants, and will be the central contact person for municipalities and telecommunications companies and are in continuous exchange with the relevant stakeholders. You will also develop concepts, guidelines and training documents for expanding the digital infrastructure.Strategy - You will be involved in the analysis and evaluation of market and industry trends as well as regulatory developments.Further development - You will take part in specialist events to network and deepen your industry knowledge. What you bring with you: You have completed your studies in economics, business informatics, management or a comparable course with above-average grades. You have 2-4 years of experience in broadband expansion or mobile communications, preferably as a consultant in a competence center or at a fiber optic network operator. You have demonstrable project experience and initial successes in the responsibility and control of projects. Very good written and spoken German and English skills round off your profile. You have in-depth knowledge of strategic, technical, operational and regulatory aspects in the broadband and/or mobile communications market. Your enthusiasm for digital infrastructure expansion sets you apart. You also enjoy implementing demanding customer projects with high quality standards.  Your BenefitsFlexibility – With us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters. Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid out once a year. Health – your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Public & Energy Transformation team, you will help organizations fundamentally change both the way they work and the way they work to secure their place in the future. You advise and support, for example, the federal government, states, municipalities, public companies, universities or non-profit associations on topics relating to digitalization, energy transition, mobility or demographic change. Join us in tackling social challenges and strengthen public trust in us and the economy! ContactDo you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Thilo Rommelsheim on +49 69 9585-2222.