
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4117956455

Exterior Designer (automotive industry)



Summary
Currently, we are looking for a Exterior Designer working for a new Disruptive and High-End Brand. You will become part of our experienced and international COMPANY Design Team in Munich. Here we strongly believe in the power of design as a propeller towards continuous innovation and breaking boundaries. Our design-driven philosophy is at the core of our company, influencing every product we create, every service we provide, and every relationship we nurture. Therefore, we offer a permanent position where your creative freedom is welcomed.
What you will be doing: 
Deliver new, compelling designs solutions and product innovations for automotive exterior and interior. Create fresh, innovative ideas with a stretch and forward thinking. Work traditionally and digitally (2D and 3D) for concepts and production programs. Project ownership and drive the team for high quality deliverables with timing discipline. Interface with cross-functional team during various design development phases. Create artistic presentation to senior management.
What you will bring: 
Strong 2D & 3D digital capabilities. Well experienced in both Exterior and Interior design & development on concepts and production projects. Ability to think three-dimensionally, with a strong emphasis on proportions, sophistication, and a refined sense of graphics and form. Proficiency in applying and translating cultural insights to design characteristics.
Company 
At the forefront of a mobility revolution, we are redefining driving by seamlessly blending cutting-edge technology with visionary design. Our mission is to create vehicles that are not only visually stunning and highly efficient but also empower users with meaningful, interactive experiences.
Our commitment to innovation drives us to explore future-oriented, humanized mobility technologies. Partnering with industry leaders like Changan Automobile, Huawei, and CATL, we leverage state-of-the-art R&D, intelligent mobility solutions, and smart energy ecosystems. This collaboration has led to the creation of the CHN platform, a global initiative designed to support intelligent connected electric vehicles and establish our brand as a leader in smart electric vehicles (SEVs).