
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118603955

Project System Owner Porsche (m/w/d)



Your tasks

In your role as system owner, you are responsible for the entire management of a system development project as well as for the interlinking of the associated products and features. You control, coordinate and integrate the relevant product and feature owners as well as other relevant department representatives in the project team and ensure that the project runs smoothly along the way Product development processYou are responsible for achieving the agreed system, product and feature goals such as properties, costs, weight, quality and timelines as well as for the coherent integration of subsystemsConversely, you are responsible for the coordination and adjustment of goals and requirements within the system development project. Your tasks also include the implementation of all necessary risk management measures for the products and features in the system. You act as a role model in maintaining, demanding and specifying uniform working methods based on your agile mindset and application of agile methodsAs part of the system scope, you lead the members of the interdisciplinary system team with the mandate of the CoCYou are responsible for the system backlog and You ensure that all requirements and tasks are clearly defined, understood and prioritized. You are responsible for stage planning with the entire system team as part of our scaled-agile framework

Your profile

You have a degree in engineering or a comparable qualification. You have at least seven years of experience in senior project management. Ideally, you have already gained expertise in the automotive industry and understand project management in a challenging environment. You have excellent knowledge of project management methods and tools, including agile methods like Scrum, you also have strong analytical skills and understand how to solve complex problems and make decisions under time pressure. You enjoy working in to work in a rapidly changing environmentA certification in project management (e.g. PMP, PRINCE2) is an advantageGood understanding of the process connections and requirements from conception to series production is requiredYou have experience and the will to lead work in networksIn addition to good knowledge of German, you have very good knowledge Knowledge of spoken and written English as well as very high communication, argumentation and persuasion skills

Your benefits

We are a diverse and international team of creative minds, passionate bikers and progressive thinkers. Your ideas will be implemented quickly with us: Bring in your thoughts, question the status quo and make your ideas soon become reality. We offer a hybrid working model depending on the position at our headquarters in Ottobrunn At the gates of Munich you will find everything you need to work: beautiful rooms, fully equipped kitchens, a huge terrace - and of course the best colleaguesWith our location in the magnificent Bavaria We have dream bike tours right on our doorstep in the foothills of the Alps. You have the option of leasing your dream bike from JobRad or simply grabbing one of our test bikes when they are available. We do our best to live sustainability - and not just talk about it. We promote further training and support ambitions of our team in all areas We believe in your recovery and our agility. That's why we offer 30 days of vacation so that you can recharge your batteries and absorb new inspiration

Your application

Would you like to become part of the Porsche eBike Performance Team? Upload your complete application documents stating your salary expectations and availability.

contact person

Patrick Said

position

HR Business Partner

About Us

Porsche eBike Performance GmbH develops, produces and markets groundbreaking drive systems at its company location in Ottobrunn near Munich under two brands: compact lightweights from FAZUA for agile e-bikes that create an exceptionally natural driving experience, and in the future also particularly powerful drive systems under the Porsche brand name. FAZUA is a young, ambitious brand that turned the bicycle industry on its head in 2017 with a completely new, innovative drive system for light, agile (and good-looking) e-bikes. Since July 2022, we have been part of Porsche eBike Performance GmbH through the takeover by Porsche AG. Our diverse, open, progressive (and fun) team is looking forward to new, inspiring talents who want to shape the future of e-bike technology with us and establish a new cycling culture.