
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118577419

Account Technology Strategist



The Account Technology Strategist (ATS) is a senior technical sales role responsible for mapping the customer's business processes to the technology vision and roadmap. The ATS owns the relationship with the customer's technology decision-makers (TDMs) and drives the technology implementation towards meeting the customer's missions and outcomes. This role requires a blend of business acumen, technical expertise, and strategic thinking to act as a trusted advisor to our customers.

Responsibilities

Own, manage, and develop the technical business relationships with senior technology influencers and decision-makers at the customer.Act as a Virtual CTO and trusted technical advisor, helping the customer's CIO/CTO/CDO achieve their mission within the organization.Lead strategic conversations with C-level technology executives to drive new business opportunities.Understand the customer's technology landscape and AI and Security strategy to create and maintain a strategic 3 Horizon roadmap.Orchestrate and align resources through the Inspire & Design, Empower & Achieve, Realize Value, and Manage & Optimize stages to achieve the desired industry architecture strategy and solutions.Drive market-making transformation wins with CXO level alignment and thought leadership.Partner with various internal teams (STU, CSU, ISD, and Partners) to ensure the customer's desired outcomes are met.Generate additional qualified pipeline with a focus of technological transformation of the customer. Act as counterpart to the US-based colleague on the assigned account, and work with STU to qualifiy the US opportunities. 

Qualifications

Education: Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, or a related field. Diploma, Master or other advanced degree is a plus. Proven experience of at least 5 years in a senior technical sales role, preferably as an Account Technology Strategist or similar.Strong business acumen with the ability to understand and map customer business processes to technology solutions.Excellent communication and relationship-building skills with senior technology influencers and decision-makers.Experience of at least 3 years in the Manufacturing Industry. Deep unterstanding of our Manufacturing clients and their digital transformation journey. Deep technical expertise in AI, Security, IOT and cloud technologies.Experience in driving strategic conversations with C-level executives and leading new business opportunities.Ability to create and maintain strategic roadmaps and orchestrate resources to achieve desired outcomes.Strong leadership skills with the ability to act as a trusted advisor and Virtual CTO for customers.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.