
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118711859

Working Student: Product Management (f/m/div)



We are one of the 15% most sustainable companies in the world. Help us to make life easier, safer and greener. We are looking forward to your application!

Job Description

Digitalization expert: you will support the project of digitalization in marketing and work on planning and organizational tasks.Marketing excellence: you bring customer facing marketing material to the next level.Competitor benchmark: You conduct thorough competitive landscape analyses on product level and update fighting guides and support the rollout and present the results to our global sales organization.Thorough planning: You enhance data-driven decision-making by meticulously analyzing and mapping existing dashboards of business and market data. You will work on a concept to facility the usage of the information by our product managers.Keep the overview: You design a new structure to share information within the product management team to ensure relevant information is accessible and well organized.Teamwork is dreamwork: You support your colleagues in the product marketing team in their daily work.

Your Profile

Study field: You are currently studying Engineering Management, Business Management or Engineering with a marketing focus or similar.Technical skills: You are proficient in MS Office and have experiences with digital collaboration tools (e.g. Confluence, SharePoint or others).Experience: You ideally have gained first experience in the field of product marketing. Experience in the semiconductor industry is an advantage but not essential.Personality: You show a collaborative, team-oriented mindset. You are able to work independently with minimal guidance, demonstrate strong initiative and have exceptional communication and time management skills.Language skills: You have excellent English skills, both written and spoken

Please attach the following documents to your application:

CV in EnglishCertificate of enrollment at universityLatest grades transcript (not older than 6 months)High school report

Important information:

Working part-time: The focus is on studies. Therefore, working student is possible during the lecture period with a maximum of 20 hours per week.Proper students (according to the German law) are welcome: You must be enrolled, and the examination results or modules of your studies must not have been completed yet, so that you can still work in our team for at least 6 months. You must also not be in a semester of leave.You should live close to the site: It is important for us to work with you on site and to integrate you into the team. You should therefore be able to come to the site regularly.

Further links:

Find out what we are looking for in your CVFind out how the student application process works with usDiscover our student website

#WeAreIn for driving decarbonization and digitalization.

As a global leader in semiconductor solutions in power systems and IoT, Infineon enables game-changing solutions for green and efficient energy, clean and safe mobility, as well as smart and secure IoT. Together, we drive innovation and customer success, while caring for our people and empowering them to reach ambitious goals. Be a part of making life easier, safer and greener.

Are you in?

Automotive High-Voltage: We Drive the Electrification of Cars

Our vision of the future is zero-emission and autonomous mobility, based on electric vehicles.

Infineon’s role: Our chip solutions control the electric current from the battery to the electrical consumers, whether a traction motor of an electric vehicle, a power steering system or an in-car USB charger. In fact, our products directly impact the range, size, reliability and affordability of electric vehicles. Engineers at the business line High-Voltage (ATV HV) create products that are both market and technologically leading. Our highly diverse and ambitious teams have a desire to shape the future with innovation aimed at propelling society towards fully electric, zero-emission, autonomous mobility.

ATV HV contributes to shape the future of mobility with microelectronics enabling clean, safe, smart cars.

#PowerForElectromobility

We are on a journey to create the best Infineon for everyone.

This means we embrace diversity and inclusion and welcome everyone for who they are. At Infineon, we offer a working environment characterized by trust, openness, respect and tolerance and are committed to give all applicants and employees equal opportunities. We base our recruiting decisions on the applicant´s experience and skills.

We look forward to receiving your resume, even if you do not entirely meet all the requirements of the job posting.

Please let your recruiter know if they need to pay special attention to something in order to enable your participation in the interview process.

Click here for more information about Diversity & Inclusion at Infineon.