
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118986281

Werkstudent Product Management Dishcare (m/w/d)



Tomorrow is our home.

Get in and take advantage of your opportunity to grow – with the BSH Hausgeräte Group: As a leading manufacturer of household appliances and first-class solutions, we move things forward to make everyday life easier for people. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff, as well as our local brands, the whole world of possibilities is open to you. We encourage people to develop their potential and to continuously learn. Because we believe that good work comes from doing what you love. Join us on this journey and give your career a home.

BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Part time | from March 2025

Munich

Your task

Do you already have theoretical specialist knowledge and would now like to supplement this with practical experience in a dynamic company? Then support us with your talent and know-how in the following tasks

Support of technical product management in the Dishcare area for the product lifecycle process. Support in the creation/release of product information, such as digital media assets. Creation of product-specific information and training documents. Assistance with other strategic and operational topics in the PLM and SAP environment

Your profile

Study of economics, industrial engineering, business informatics or a comparable course of study. Familiarity with MS Office. Experience with PowerBI and Python is an advantage. Strategic thinking and a structured way of working. Fluent English and good knowledge of German 

Your advantages

International & modern working environmentAttractive employer benefits and remunerationFlexible organization of working hours using a time accountPossibility of mobile working according to individual agreement (max. 50% of working hours)

I look forward to your application.

Pia Guenther (HR contact)

More information?

Visit us here bsh-group.com/de/karriere. We would be happy to welcome you to our team!