
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118815845

Project Coordinator Market Intelligence Intern



We're Celonis, the global leader in Process Mining technology and one of the world's fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock productivity by placing data and intelligence at the core of business processes - and for that, we need you to join us.

The Team 

This position will be a member of the Strategy & Innovation group, providing support to our Operations team.

As part of Strategy & Innovation, Celonis Labs operates as an independent research and development unit within Celonis, dedicated to innovating business models and investigating new concepts and prototypes that complement the Celonis platform. The Market Intelligence team concentrates on White Space analysis and proposals, competitive and market insights, along with Analyst Relations activities.

We are seeking a talented intern for our PMO team. As a PMO intern, you will help manage our project portfolio consisting of Celonis Labs & Market Intelligence projects, with a greater focus on Market Intelligence, to collaborate on our Celonis Labs projects & Strategic Programs.

The Role 

In today’s complex business landscape, we are relying on efficient project management to drive success and achieve our strategic goals. We are therefore seeking a talented intern for our PMO team. As a PMO intern, you will help manage our project portfolio consisting of Celonis Labs & Market Intelligence projects, with a greater focus on Market Intelligence. You will support in creating a central hub for project oversight, governance, and support, ensuring that projects are executed effectively and aligned with business objectives. By doing so, you will work closely with Celonis leadership team as well as on our most innovative customer projects.

The work you will do:

Oversee the development of projects and programs to ensure that team members are carrying out their tasks efficientlySupport strategic programs/projects across Strategy & Innovation Document the project’s creation, development, and execution as well as the project’s scope, and justificationPreparation of internal and external customer meetingsMonitoring of relations between project areas and active improvement submissionUpdate project status to executivesSupport on internal monthly communication cadence

Your qualifications:

First experience in project management within management consulting or similar fast-paced environment.Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Management, or a related field.Ideally familiar with project management software and tools (e.g. Monday.com, MS Project, Smartsheet, etc.).Strong planning and organising, ability to see the big pictureStrong, professional communication skills, able to approach senior managers using appropriate level of detail, terminology, and styleFocus on details, errorless delivery, logical reasoningA strong team player, proven team leadership potentialFast learner with ability to adapt to change quicklyAvailability - ASAP for 4-6 months Fluent in English

What Celonis Can Offer You:

The unique opportunity to work with industry-leading process mining technologyInvestment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, L&D platform, mentorships, and more)Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here.Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counseling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work withAn open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teamsBusiness Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (Black@Celonis, Women@Celonis, Parents@Celonis, Pride@Celonis, Resilience@Celonis, and more)A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us:

Celonis helps some of the world’s largest and most esteemed brands make processes work for people, companies and the planet. With over 5,000 enterprise customer deployments across nearly every industry, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform uses process mining and AI to give you a living digital twin of your business operation. It’s system-agnostic and without bias, and empowers companies to reduce waste, create value and benefit people across the top, bottom, and green lines. Since 2011, the Celonis platform has enabled its customers to identify more than $18 billion in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.

Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this video.

Equal Opportunity at Celonis:

Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws. As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Different makes us better.

Your Privacy:

Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ Accessibility and Candidate Notices

Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more here.