
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118683421

Manager, Field Engineering



FEQ426R174

As a Manager in the Databricks Field Engineering team, you will lead a team of pre-sales Solutions Architects.

You will help to continue expansion of the German market and develop the technical pre-sales teams. Your experience partnering with the sales organisation will help close revenue with the right approach whilst coaching new sales and pre-sales teams to work together.

You will guide and get involved to enhance your team's effectiveness; be an expert at communicating complex, business value-focused solutions; support complex sales cycles, and build relationships with important partners in large corporations.

You will report to the Director, Field Engineering in Germany.

The Impact You Will Have

Manage hiring and building the Solutions Architect team, scaling the designated field engineering segment organization without sacrificing qualityBuild a motivated collaborative culture within a hyper-growth team. To embody and promote Databrick's customer-obsessed, teamwork and diverse cultureSupport increased Return on investment of SA involvement in sales cycles by 2-3x over 18 monthsEnsure a solution and value-based selling field-engineering organizationDisplay an understanding of needs and revenue potential for accounts in the assigned regionEngage with Customer Executives to deliver strong point of views and driving the partnership with Databricks while supporting account teamsEnsure close alignment with partners and internal services to secure implementation strategies within accountsContinue to build Databricks' brand in Germany in partnership with the Marketing and Sales team

What We Look For

Familiar with building a team of successful Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS professionalsHave experience scaling and mentoring field or technical teams from scratch at hyper-growth speedKnowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software modelsGreat at instituting processes for technical field members to lead efficiencyTechnical background either in Data Engineering / Database technologies or Data ScienceExperienced in strategic customer engagements.Ideally fluent in German

About Databricks

Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.

Benefits

At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region, please visit https://www.mybenefitsnow.com/databricks.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

Compliance

If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.