
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118939618

Supplier Quality Engineer (f/m/d) Senior Expert Electrical equipment



A Snapshot of Your Day 

You are a key partner in a multi-functional team where you will be influencing electrical equipment supplier decisions and working with suppliers to meet the Siemens Energy needs of capacity, capability, and cost. You will be working in an international team with multiple experts and fully use the team’s expertise in order to improve processes.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Be the point of contact for the Electrical equipment Commodity Manager in developing procurement strategies and project planning, supplier identification, capability assessment audits, driving standards and bringing in new I&C / Electrical equipment related technology: Typical products are Thermocouples, LV Motors, Switchgears, Battery Storage Solutions etc.. Siemens Energy implements a wide range of different products with worldwide applied codes and standardsEnhance related technical knowledge and expertise of the global supply quality network by organizing and leading a global community of Supplier Quality Engineers in training on above mentioned products / technologiesSupplier /Product and Process Qualification: Mostly be the technical Lead, and sometimes the main lead, in multi-functional teams to perform Product and Process Qualification (PPQ). Leading includes the planning, tracking, and reporting of project achievements as well as budget and resource needsBe a key expert in improving and developing strategic Suppliers and supporting critical technical issues by being a creator and owner of a commodity/technology network


What You Bring

Bachelor’s degree or higher in electrical or industrial engineering or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experienceProfessional experience in an area of supplier quality management, procurement, and Instrumentation & Controls / Electrical environmentExperience performing supplier qualification, product/ process qualification & technical supplier development to provide a global quality-assured and cost-effective supply baseWell versed in leading projects and running virtual cross-functional teams in an international environmentWillingness to travel up to 40% (Domestical & International)Professional fluency in English and German


About The Team

In our Business Functions we enable our organization to reach their targets by providing best-in class services and solutions in the areas of IT, HR, Finance, Real Estate, Strategy & Technology and more.

Who is Siemens Energy? 

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 94,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards/Benefits

In addition to an attractive remuneration package in line with the market, you can expect an attractive employer-financed company pension schemeWe also offer the opportunity to become a Siemens Energy shareholderWe offer our employees the opportunity to work flexibly and remotely, and our inspiring offices provide space for collaboration and creativityThe professional and personal development of our employees is very important to us. We provide them with the opportunities to learn and develop in a self-determined way, various attractive programmes and learning materials are available for this purposeIn relation to the "compatibility of family and work", we have a wide range of offers, e.g. flexible working time models, childcare places at many locations, the possibility of trial part-time work or even a sabbatical


We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs