
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118258443

Electrical Engineer (w/m/d)



Work schedule

Standard (Mon-Fri)

Environmental Conditions

Office

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world's leading science company with annual revenues of approximately $40 billion. Our mission is to help our customers make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We help our customers advance life science research by solving complex analytical challenges, increasing productivity in their laboratories, improving patient health through diagnostics, or developing and manufacturing life-enhancing therapies. Our global team of more than 100,000 colleagues offers an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, convenient purchasing processes and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD.

For years we have been setting decisive impulses and innovative accents in the areas of development, production and marketing of instruments and software for chemical analysis laboratories (HPLC - High Performance Liquid Chromatography). The know-how of our highly qualified employees contributes significantly to our economic success and thus enables us to continuously expand our location in Germering near Munich.

To strengthen the development team for our technically sophisticated products at the Germering location, we are looking for a versatile and creative person as soon as possible

(Senior) Electrical Engineer (f/m/d)

Discover a task that makes a difference

The position on offer offers varied and exciting tasks with a high level of practical relevance, so that you will always see the concrete success of your work on the product. In collaboration with our specialist hardware and software development teams, you will work on the core of our sophisticated HPLC systems. You can find more information here: https://www.thermofisher.com/de/de/home/industrial/chromatography/liquid-chromatography-lc.html

A day in the life

Working in a team and collaborating with colleagues from a wide range of disciplines such as physicists, engineers (mechanics/electronics) or chemistsDesigning analog and digital electronic assemblies for our technically sophisticated devicesTesting and optimizing the designs in terms of costs, security of supply, performance and interference immunitySupporting the technical acceptance of our devices, such as EMC or device safety testsDevelopment of test strategies for production tests at our suppliersAccompaniment of the introduction of assemblies into series production and creation of accompanying documentation of design transferTechnical support for purchasing, service and production

The key to success

Training

Bachelor's or Master's degree in electrical engineering or a comparable field of study

Experience

First professional experience in electronics development Application of common electronic design software (e.g. Altium Designer) Design, simulation and verification of analog and digital circuits Measurement and control technology

Experience in the following areas is advantageous

Bus systems and interfaces, e.g. LAN, CAN, SPI, I2CProgramming knowledge of embedded microcontrollersKnowledge of programming FPGAsHigh-precision, low-noise amplifiers and controlsManufacturing technologies in the field of electronicsEMC-compliant and interference-proof electronic designStandards and regulations for device safety, EMC or manufacturing quality of electronic assemblies

Knowledge, skills, abilities

Structured, careful and analytical work in a global organizationAbility to work in a team with a high degree of initiative, commitment and creativityGood knowledge of spoken and written English

What we offer

A job with an innovative, forward-looking employerExcellent development and career prospects in a globally growing companyAttractive company pension schemeA corporate culture in which integrity, involvement, intensity and innovation are lived

Have we piqued your interest?

Then we look forward to receiving your meaningful and complete application documents (max. 2MB) stating the relevant job ID, your salary expectations and your notice period.

Apply online today via our careers site www.jobs.thermofisher.com.

Each of our 100,000 extraordinary individuals at Thermo Fisher Scientific tells a unique story. Come join us and contribute to our unique mission.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an equal opportunity, minority-supporting employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or legally protected status.

Agency notice!

Please note that we are not interested in commercial placement offers from personnel service providers. If you decide to send or upload application documents to us unsolicited, they will not be acknowledged and will be deleted in accordance with our data protection guidelines.