
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118584840

Program Manager, Amazon Logistics, Shared Mobility Partner



Description

We are seeking a Process Improvement Specialist to streamline and elevate our processes and drive program improvement and optimization within the Amazon Shared Mobility Partner business in Germany. The Program Manager will be strong with data, automation tools and SQL/Python to automate our processes and increase our efficiency to enable us to deliver bigger results. The Program Manager will also be strong on partnering with station managers and operators in order to identify process and program improvements.

The Amazon Shared Mobility Partner program is a new model to enable Amazon to support speed initiatives and on demand capacity in the European Union. This program is powered by a mobile app that works in concert with our advanced logistics systems that allows SMPs to on-board, schedule delivery times, guide them through their deliveries with in-app mapping and navigation, and more. The approach and technology are disruptive and promise to challenge traditional approaches, changing the way the industry operates.

The successful candidate will be self-motivated, passionate, analytical and detail-oriented, possess superior interpersonal and communication skills, and be comfortable working independently to drive growth and change in a fast-paced environment. An extreme bias for action and being with data is an absolute must, and candidates must demonstrate a track record of delivering results.

Key job responsibilities

Find opportunities to automate and optimize existing Last Mile processes. This includes, but not limited to, our scheduling, labor planning, routing capacity management and forecasting.

You will partner with the Amazon Logistics DE team to deploy program, process and station improvements. The successful candidate will also manage AMZL and SSD-D stations where we operate this program by partnering with station operations in order to improve the driver experience under the roof, optimizing scheduling processes and enhancing driver capacity in order to hit cost, safety, quality targets for the program. Another part of the role will be recommending changes and using your project management and stakeholder management skills to put new processes in place.

Partner with WW Flex/ Last Mile teams to understand common challenges to adopt standard practice and identify opportunities to collaborate with tech teams to build automated tooling and solutions to hand off our processes.

A day in the life

As a Program Manager, you’ll be at the forefront of making Amazon’s logistics better – which means improving safety, productivity, and quality.

You will partner with the Amazon Logistics DE team to deploy program, process and station improvements. The successful candidate will also manage 3P partner suppliers by optimizing scheduling and routing and enhancing driver capacity in order to hit cost, safety, quality targets for the program. Another part of the role will include partnering with station managers and associates to determine current pain points in the program, root cause problems and identify short and long term solutions to improve partner and driver experience while achieving business metrics.

The successful candidate will be based in Munich, DE. The candidate will be expected to visit Delivery Stations across Germany. If needed, you will carry out analysis at other local or national sites. On top of dealing with productivity and safety, you’ll have the opportunity to share best practices and ideas with our EU network.

About The Team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

 A degree Knowledge of Excel (Pivot Tables, VLookUps) at an advanced level and SQL Experience in program or project management Experience working cross functionally with tech and non-tech teams Experience in defining and implementing process improvement initiatives using data and metrics Experience defining program requirements and using data and metrics to determine improvements

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience in driving end to end delivery, and communicating results to senior leadership Experience leading process improvements Experience in stakeholder management, dealing with multiple stakeholders at varied levels of the organization Experience building processes, project management, and schedules Upper intermediate proficiency in written and verbal German

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Deutschland E1 Transport GmbH

Job ID: A2867350