
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118971085

Senior Professional (m/w/d) Program Management Office (PMO)



Tasks 


In this role, you are part of the PMO team for a large customer program. You are responsible for defining, planning, implementing and monitoring overarching program management standards, methods and processes. You ensure transparency towards relevant stakeholders inside and outside the program (e.g. steering groups, committees). You support the program management and the project team along the classic project management dimensions (e.g. risk management, project planning). They support cross-program communication, change and enabling measures in collaboration with the human resources department

 Qualifications 


You have successfully completed a master's degree with a background in economics or natural sciences. You have qualified professional experience in the areas of project or program management, especially with regard to methods, processes and tools. In your professional practice you have developed strong analytical and methodological skills as well as various problem-solving techniques. You are characterized by a high level of process understanding along the entire value chain as well as through strong teamwork and diplomatic skillsYou have very good user knowledge of MS Office (especially PowerPoint and Excel)Very good German and Knowledge of English completes your profile

 Interested? 
 Then we look forward to receiving your application! The best way to apply is online using the reference number. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact your recruiting contact via LinkedIn or XING at any time.

Equal opportunities are important to us. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.

Code number 10086

Recruiting contact Stefanie Lehmann

Rohde & Schwarz is a global technology group with currently around 14,000 employees and three divisions: Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity. For 90 years, the company has been developing cutting-edge technology, pushing the boundaries of what is technically possible and enabling customers from business, authorities and the sovereign sector to exercise their technological sovereignty.