
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118835165

Events and Project Manager, Trade Marketing



Job Description

Use your Trade Marketing skills to help craft the global marketing agenda and develop regional trade marketing campaigns to help grow the love for LEGO, our active share and consumer sales in Western Europe!

Bring your strong project and event management skills to lead the LEGO Group’s execution in the largest Toy Fair globally in Nuremberg as project lead.


Core Responsibilities

Event Management 



Own and lead the end to end planning and execution for key events in the region, especially Nuremberg ToyFair and our Western Europe Marketing and Sales conference.Identify and evaluate potential risks, problem solve and mitigate risks to minimize impact on deliverablesDrive post-project delivery review process and detail key findings for future eventsFull budget ownership for events and projectsCollect input from all collaborators (global, regional and local) to understand needs and incorporate into a common conceptEnsure timely and clear communication to team members providing updates on delivery, timelines and budgetsManage the relationship with the key agencies (internal and external) contracted to deliver projects on time, within budget and meeting our requirements and ensuring high quality



Trade Marketing 



Work closely with Western Europe Trade Marketing colleagues to deliver on WE priorities and contribute towards a strong team-working across the regionPartner with BU trade marketing teams to understand their business challenges, customer needs and shopper nuances to effectively develop regional campaigns and tools, as well as influence global shopper marketing campaigns and toolboxesLead campaign development and/or asset development for selected franchises/occasions, from briefing to delivery ensuring clear and timely communication with all key partnersBe responsible for the full Trade Marketing budget, adhering to key deadlines and planning principles



Do you have what it takes?



Strong project and event management experienceExcellent communication and interpersonal skills.A strong collaborator across disciplines and hierarchies to optimally steer a wide range of stakeholdersTakes initiative and is effective in prioritising within a complex agendaShopper-centric orientation with proven track-record of acting and developing shopper/retail activations for instore and online.Track record of converting insights to actionProficient in English



Applications are reviewed on an ongoing basis. However, please note we do amend or withdraw our jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time, including prior to any advertised closing date. So, if you're interested in this role we encourage you to apply as soon as possible.

What’s in it for you?

Here is what you can expect

Family Care Leave - We offer enhanced paid leave options for those important times.

Insurances – All colleagues are covered by our life and disability insurance which provides protection and peace of mind.

Wellbeing - We want our people to feel well and thrive. We offer resources and benefits to nurture physical and mental wellbeing along with opportunities to build community and inspire creativity.

Colleague Discount – We know you'll love to build, so from day 1 you will qualify for our generous colleague discount.

Bonus - We do our best work to succeed together. When goals are reached and if eligible, you'll be rewarded through our bonus scheme.

Workplace - When you join the team you'll be assigned a primary workplace location i.e. one of our Offices, stores or factories. Our hybrid work policy means an average of 3 days per week in the office. The hiring team will discuss the policy and role eligibility with you during the recruitment process.

Children are our role models. Their curiosity, creativity and imagination inspire everything we do. We strive to create a diverse, dynamic and inclusive culture of play at the LEGO Group, where everyone feels safe, valued and they belong.

The LEGO Group is highly committed to equal employment opportunity and equal pay and seeks to encourage applicants from all backgrounds (eg. sex, gender identity or expression, race/ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, age and religion) to apply for roles in our team.

Research shows that women and people from different underrepresented backgrounds often only apply for a job if they meet 100% of the listed qualifications. For all candidates, if you dream of being a part of our team and you meet many, but not all of our listed qualifications for this role, please apply.

The LEGO Group is fully committed to Children’s Rights and Child Wellbeing across the globe. Candidates offered positions with high engagement with children are required to take part in Child Safeguarding Background Screening, as a condition of the offer.

Thank you for sharing our global commitment to Children’s Rights.

Just imagine building your dream career.

Then make it real.

Join the LEGO® team today.