
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118505160

Senior Manager Product Proposition (m/w/d)



We are looking for you to join our Product Proposition Team.
Your job
You are jointly responsible for some of the Sky TV propositions (such as Sky Stream, Sky Q, Sky Multiscreen, Sky Go, Sky Go Plus). You are involved in driving forward market and competition analyzes and keeping an eye on current market trends and customer needs Based on this, you will develop optimization suggestions for the product propositions. In collaboration with the Sky Group product teams, you will ensure the best possible customer experience and continuously expand this to include innovative, new functionalities desired on the German market. With the communication teams You contribute to the optimization of customer and market communication of Sky TV products with the aim of increasing awareness and usage & manage the market launch of new products and functionalities. You support and develop existing or new app partnerships from "non-classic" TV areas together with the partnership team such as music or gamingThe prioritization of the product strategy and roadmap in coordination with other teams such as Content Proposition, Commercial Strategy and the Sky Group or Group Product are part of your area of ​​responsibility
Your profile
You have a completed degree with a focus on products, business or marketing as well as 5-6 years of experience in the area of ​​products, propositions or marketing. Through your professional experience you have been able to acquire industry-specific knowledge in the areas of entertainment platforms, content aggregation, product development and product marketing. You have a strong passion for entertainment platforms and content aggregation withYou describe yourself as a cooperative team player and focus on practical implementation and continuous improvement - you also put yourself forward You enjoy new challenges and can adapt quickly accordingly. Your reliability and independence as well as your understanding of the German market are among your strengths - you also find it easy to act as an ambassador for Sky products. You have persuasive skills and you find it easy to work in teams work and you are able to manage more complex projects. Very good presentation skills as well as very good German and good English skills round off your profile
Our benefits
At Sky we offer you our full support so you can do your best. Our range of benefits is something special - here are some of them:
Free Sky subscription - Discover the complete variety of SkyHybrid Working (60/40)Flexible working hours with overtime compensation30 days vacation + Holiday Buy OptionSubsidized Germany TicketCompany Bike & EGYM WellpassCorporate BenefitsLease & Buy - Leasing of technical equipment with tax advantagesSky Learn - your platform with over 20,000 external ones & hundreds of Sky-internal learning opportunities
Inclusion: 
Equal opportunities are very important to us. We firmly believe that a corporate culture characterized by diversity allows us to grow together and promotes our creativity and innovation. We therefore consider all qualified applications - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion/belief, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity. 
What are you waiting for?
Apply now to start an exciting career and become part of a brilliant team. We can't wait to hear from you.
Find out more about Sky on social media using the hashtags #wirbeisky or #lifeatsky
A job you love to talk about.