
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4118168471

Associate Systems Engineer



Our Mission

At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission: Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.

We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.


Our Approach to Work

At Palo Alto Networks, we believe in the power of collaboration and value in-person interactions. This is why our employees generally work from the office three days per week, leaving two days for choice and flexibility to work where you feel most effective. This setup fosters casual conversations, problem-solving, and trusted relationships. While details may evolve, our goal is to create an environment where innovation thrives, with office-based teams coming together three days a week to collaborate and thrive, together.

 



Job Description

Your Career 

As an Associate Systems Engineer, you will join a cohort of recent college graduates for an immersion into Palo Alto Networks platform, automation, and cybersecurity across network, endpoint, and cloud. This program includes up to 24 months of formal technical instruction with hands-on labs, both group and individual projects, technical study, and professional skills development. As you advance through the program, you will be placed with various sales engineering teams to learn how to support customers during the pre-sales process. 

While ramping on the Academy development track you will work alongside other SE teams to learn and support the other critical work with customers within the presales process. As part of your development, you will work as a technical advisor in tandem with our sales and channel partners on customer engagements, establishing relationships with customers with the goal of helping them ensure each day is more secure than the one before.

Upon completion of the program, you will have gained proven technical and professional skills, shown qualification across multiple certifications, and rotations with senior SEs to take on a field SE position based on business needs. Our SEs are among the best in the cybersecurity industry, with a deep technical understanding of cybersecurity products, integrations, and the critical cyber threats facing our potential customer’s environments. 

Academy Start Date: August 4th 2025

Your Impact 

Learn the technical aspects and business value of Palo Alto Networks products

Develop the skills necessary to propose cybersecurity solutions comprised of Palo Alto Networks products

Establish yourself as a trusted team member to Technical Solutions leadership and colleagues while contributing to sales wins throughout the program 

Architect and propose solutions that address the identified cybersecurity problems in each customer’s unique environment 

Develop presentation skills and understanding of business and technical discovery methods

Ensure ongoing customer success, support, and adoption of cybersecurity solutions 

Understand and effectively differentiate against our top competitors 

Identify and document specific problems with prospective and current customers which can be solved through the deployment of integrated solutions 

Act as the customer advocate for any issues that require technical assistance and follow up with the customer until the issue is resolved 

Continuous self-improvement and learning to maintain technical leadership of applicable technologies (SASE, XDR, public cloud, security, networking, etc.) 



Qualifications

Your Experience 

4-year undergraduate degree, preferably in a business or technical field of study

Understand and effectively present complex concepts to technical and non-technical audiences 

Strong analytical skills to evaluate complex problems and a systematic approach to creating solutions 

Effective time-management skills and study habits 

Awareness and desire to learn modern cybersecurity prevention utilizing automation, cloud, endpoint, and network technologies

Qualification

You must be available to start on August 4th 2025Fluency in German and English is required. Please note that we will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.

Additional Information

The Team 

As part of our Technical Solutions team, CAMP allows you the time to build your technical and customer engagement skills. Upon graduation, you move into your next role to support a sales team with technical expertise and establishing trust with key clients. You won’t find someone at Palo Alto Networks that isn’t committed to your success – with everyone pitching in to assist when it comes to solutions selling, learning, and development. As a member of our Technical Solutions team, you are motivated by a solutions-focused sales environment and find fulfillment in working with clients to resolve incredible complex cyber threats. 

Our Commitment

We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Our Commitment

We’re problem solvers that take risks and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.