
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119563275

Project planner (m/f/d) railway industry



As CAF, we are a multinational group with more than 100 years of experience that offers comprehensive, state-of-the-art transport systems with high added value for sustainable mobility. Become part of an internationally leading company in the development, manufacture, maintenance and supply of equipment and components for rail vehicle systems.

As a project planner (m/f/d), you will take on a key role in planning and managing demanding rail vehicle projects in Germany and will actively contribute to designing innovative solutions for the mobility of the future.

Your tasks:

Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of a comprehensive project plan in close collaboration with the project manager and the project team. Integrating the activities of different departments into an overall plan and identifying the critical path. Tracking and regularly updating the project status and reporting to the project team, including identification and management of risks through mitigation and recovery plans.Preparation and presentation of monthly reports, consolidated plans and KPIs.Development and coordination of new baseline plans as required, including contractual documentation for project planning in collaboration with the customer.Execution of Scenario analyzes to assess the impact of internal and external changes. Ensuring knowledge capitalization by documenting relevant lessons learned.

This is what you bring with you and what you can expect:

A successfully completed degree in engineering as well as knowledge of project management software (e.g. MS Project, Primavera). Initial experience in project planning, if necessary in the rail transport sector. Business fluent English skills; Knowledge of Spanish is an advantage.A professional, international working environment that relies on teamwork and mutual support.The opportunity to participate in large projects, develop professionally and actively shape the mobility of the future.

We are convinced that every employee contributes directly to the growth and success of our company. As a global team with diverse expertise, different mindsets and diverse backgrounds, we want every employee to feel like they belong, included and thrive.

As a socially responsible company, we integrate the principles of diversity and inclusion into our practices and promote equality from various sources to ensure an open work environment where mutual respect and equal opportunities prevail. We are an equal opportunity employer. We have diverse, multicultural, committed and qualified talent who contribute to creating sustainable values ​​every day. All qualified applications will be considered for employment without regard to any characteristics protected by local law.