
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119562211

(Senior) Project Manager (f/m/d) Sustainability and Digitalization



Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company within Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.

What do you contribute?

Together we are shaping the future of the industry through sustainable and data-driven solutions.

You will work in an innovative department that is responsible for Siemens Mobility's sustainability issues and, in this context, is currently driving forward the development of an open, collaborative data room for the rail industry.

In your new role, you will take on full project management for a pioneering railway project. You will manage a consortium of leading companies and coordinate activities to achieve common goals. You will also coach the work teams and ensure that milestones are met on time and within budget. You will work closely Collaborate with technical experts to define innovative solutions for use cases such as battery passport, carbon footprint and lifecycle data management. Furthermore, you manage different stakeholder interests and moderate coordination within the industry.You present results succinctly to senior management and communicate professionally with our partners in German and English.Last but not least, in your role you have the opportunity to shape Siemens Mobility's sustainability activities and align the project accordingly.About that You will also have the chance to build a strong network within the rail industry and work with innovators along the entire value chain. 

What are you bringing with you? 

You convince us with your experience and passion for sustainable mobility:

You have a master's or doctoral degree in economics, computer science, (software) engineering or transport management. You also have many years of experience in project management of complex partner networks or consulting projects (also from the IT industry). Experience in management consulting is a plus to successfully manage projects in demanding environments. You impress us with your in-depth knowledge of sustainability and technological innovations. You also communicate confidently in German and English and present results clearly and convincingly.

What do we offer you?

Mobile working/remote working

With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can do a significant amount of mobile work. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

Further development

We offer you comprehensive training opportunities for your professional and personal development. With our Learning Campus we have an in-house service provider with a wide range of online and offline offerings.

Purpose

We are pioneers of mobility. With us, you will actively contribute to the transport transition and climate protection in a future market because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

You can find an overview of our benefits here.

How do you get in touch with us?

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.

www.siemens.com/de/de/company/jobs/faq.html

If you would like to obtain information on the subject of applications using our FAQ.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

If you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

If you would like to receive more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

The contact person for this job advertisement is Ms. Daniela Grüner.