
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119608526

Senior Support People Manager, Mechatronics & Sustainable Packaging Customer Experience



Description

We are working on the future. If you are seeking an iterative fast-paced environment where you can drive innovation, apply state-of-the-art technologies to solve large-scale real world challenges, and provide visible benefit to end-users, this is your opportunity.

Come work on the Amazon Robotics –& Sustainable Packaging (MSP) Team!

We are looking for an Senior Manager MSP Support who will lead a team of 25+ Employee across Europe supporting the availability, quality and performance of MSP solutions in the field across the European network through technical Mechatronics understanding, process optimization and variance reduction. This person will partner on one side with the Launch & Deployment Teams to ensure successful Go-Live of new solutions, on the other sides with the internal Customers (Operations, Maintenance, Process, OpsEngineering, etc.) to ensure Solutions in the field meet the business goals.

The primary role of the MSP team is to drive future innovation across all aspects of Mechatronics and Packaging, across industrial hardware/control machines such as robotic cells, autonomous vehicles, sortation, packing technologies and packaging materials. We drive strategic partnerships with key stakeholders such as Operations, RME, ACES, Supply Chain, Transportation, WW Design, etc. to ensure we deliver robust products that effectively integrate into the Amazon Fulfillment network.

The Senior Manager MSP-CX Support partners and supports Internal Customers, to ensure the installed MSP solutions realize full performance and entitlements through process analysis, compliance and reporting. The leader builds a team of maintenance, operation and process experts who support product owners in life cycle management of MSP technologies, and troubleshoots under-utilization situations to mitigate risk in operations, maintenance and asset utilization. The leader partners with the Continuous Improvement team, ensuring MSP technologies always follow the Customer needs in fast pace changing environment. The Candidate provides product teams with expertise in logistics, operations, maintenance and process integration.

A successful candidate will have broad experience and exposure across multiple stake-holders and deep skills in complex integration, which include a high degree of ambiguity. They will work successfully across multiple large engineering and operations teams at a strategic level and drive maintenance, asset utilization and performance across all our Products. This candidate requires strong leadership skills, attention to detail, excellent communication skills, collaboration, analytical and abstract thinking, time management and organizational skills.

Key Job Responsibilities

 Lead and engage a team of >25 highly trained Employees across Europe Troubleshoot integration constraints that hinder availability, quality and performance of MSP solutions Drive compliance by maximizing asset utilization, balancing flows, driving process integration Raise continuous improvement requirements to retain critical metrics above target Participats in product testing in the field to increase utilization and reliability of field solutions Identifies and analyzes issues, bugs, defects, and other problems; recommends and facilitates solutions to these issues. Connects with internal customers (Operations, RME, ACES, PE, OpsEng, WWDE, etc.), reviews client, customer, and user feedback. Identify operational and RME benchmarks and standardizes them across the EU network Drive global alignment with the NA counterparts ensuring a WW MSP support vision Maintains compliance with federal, state, local, and organizational laws, regulations, guidelines, and policies.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor’s degree (BS) Years proven experience leading or managing large cross-functional teams with maintenance, testing, operation and process integration expertise Proven experience in fulfillment systems with storage equipment, material handling systems, automated sortation system, and related automation equipment Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven experience using business/technical software like MS Excel and MS project Ability to travel up to 75% to business locations and project sites

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with complex automated material handling equipment, packaging technologies, and systems including robotics, and high speed manufacturing Strong communication skills to coordinate with team members, operations, and management Project managing skills to start projects and finish projects successfully

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon EU SARL (Germany Branch) - D70

Job ID: A2867501