
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119778985

Working Student Customer Solutions Manager Intern



Description

Amazon Web Services (AWS) Working Student positions are part-time (20 hours/week) for 12 months starting from March / April 2025.

Do you want to be a key part of a team focused on expanding the reach of cloud computing across customers? As an Amazon Web Services (AWS) Customer Solutions Manager (CSM) working student you will work with a team of CSMs responsible for helping guide AWS customers along their multi-year journey to the cloud. You will guide the customer through the operational, educational and governance aspects of a successful AWS cloud journey. In this highly visible role, you will incorporate program management, customer cloud journey acceleration, and customer value realization to ensure AWS teams work together effectively and efficiently to deliver outcomes for the customer.

If this sounds exciting to you - come build the future with us!

Your Working Student Placement Includes

As a working student you will drive your own learning and development with guidance and coaching from your manager, buddy and colleagues around you. You will be part of a team of Amazon Customer Solutions Managers that you will help to create technical projects such as developing re-usable demos and prototypes, building reference architectures, researching on challenging technical questions from customers, or developing internal tools that help CSMs to be more productive. You get the opportunity to learn from top AWS subject matter experts how to leverage bleeding edge technology to solve real-world customer problems.

What's in it for you?

 Get insights into Amazon, AWS, and our Customer Solutions teams Benefit from flexible working days, based on your curriculum Acquire/ further develop technical knowledge about the latest AWS technology

Basic Qualifications

 Currently enrolled in an Associate’s or bachelor’s degree with an graduation 2026 or later. Experience in one or more technology domains, including but not limited to: Networking fundamentals, Databases (Relational and/or NoSQL), Operating Systems (Unix, Linux, and/or Windows)

Preferred Qualifications

 Enrolled in a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields Excellent communication skills and ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions to both large and small audiences Experience implementing a cloud-based technology solution in a school project or while working for a company Demonstrated ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies Experience in program and project management fundamentals

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - AWS EMEA SARL (Germany Branch)

Job ID: A2868594