
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119705836

Sr. Industry Solution Architect, Automotive & Manufacturing Technical Strategy Team



Description

Do you have a passion for cloud computing and a proven record of driving change in the automotive industry? If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you to join our team as a Senior Industry Solutions Architect at Amazon Web Services (AWS).

As a Senior Industry Solutions Architect in our Automotive & Manufacturing Industry Business Unit, you'll play a key role in accelerating the digital transformation of the automotive sector. You'll work closely with automakers, Tier 1 suppliers, and software partners to design and implement innovative edge-to-cloud solutions that unlock the power of the cloud and accelerate the development of software-defined and connected vehicles.

Key job responsibilities

 Provide deep business and technical expertise to help customers and partners architect, design, and implement cutting-edge solutions Collaborate cross-functionally with sales, professional services, and product teams to develop demos, white papers, and reference architectures Create and deliver engaging technical presentations and webinars to share your knowledge with the industry Work closely with the AWS developer community to shape future cloud services and features Become a trusted advisor to C-suite executives, guiding them towards strategic cloud-based initiatives

To Excel In This Position, You'll Need

 Extensive experience leading successful end-to-end automotive initiatives with Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs Expertise in in-vehicle software, edge computing, and cloud-based solutions Strong technical skills, including the ability to clearly explain complex architectures Excellent business acumen and the ability to turn strategies into actionable plans A passion for driving innovation and creating exceptional customer experiences

If you're ready to make a lasting impact on the future of the automotive industry, we'd love to hear from you. Apply today and join the AWS team!

Open to traveling up to 50% domestic and international.

About The Team

AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS) is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector. The AWS Global Support team interacts with leading companies and believes that world-class support is critical to customer success. AWS Support also partners with a global list of customers that are building mission-critical applications on top of AWS services.

Diverse Experiences

Amazon values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Mentorship and Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Basic Qualifications

 Knowledge of software development tools and methodologies Experience communicating across technical and non-technical audiences, including executive level stakeholders or clients Experience in design, implementation, or consulting in applications and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Automotive, or related field of study and 8+ years of related work experience

Preferred Qualifications

 Knowledge of cloud architecture Technical experience within the Automotive industry

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - AWS EMEA SARL (Germany Branch)

Job ID: A2848513