
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119785002

Junior project manager (f|m|d) with a focus on project controlling



@ADAC e.V.

Your tasks

They support the management of the entire development and construction project for the Penzing Mobility Test Center, including interim use. This includes support in the conception, negotiations, securing the property, planning and construction, marketing, up to commissioning and use. A focus of the The position is project controlling in the interface to the controlling department, including support of the business case, budget monitoring, cost control and space management. You are involved in the selection, commissioning and control of external and internal planners, Specialist service provider and responsible for the planning of those involved. You will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to achieve the project goals. We count on your support in risk assessment and risk management. You will also be responsible for maintaining and updating project documentation and -databases.

Your profile

You have a completed degree in civil engineering, architecture, economics or a comparable qualification. Initial experience in project management and project controlling, ideally in the real estate sector, is required. We require good knowledge of MS Office, especially Excel. You impress with analytical skills and a structured way of working, ability to work in a team and strong communication skills as well as a high level of self-motivation and willingness to learn complete your profile.

We offer

Attractive remuneration

The ADAC applies, among other things, the collective agreement for the private insurance industry. We also reward special qualifications, professional experience and the individual performance of our employees through a bonus system. For this purpose, an individual target agreement is made with you every year in employee discussions. We also offer special payments such as Christmas bonuses and holiday bonuses.

Hybrid working

Your workplace doesn't always have to be the office - we have created flexibility for this and introduced hybrid working. Depending on your individual activity, we generally offer you the opportunity to work from any location within Germany. You can choose whether you want to spend up to 50% of your working time outside of the office.

Flexible working hours

We know that it can be difficult to balance personal and professional life. You can master this challenge with our individual working time and shift models. In areas where it is possible, we work flexitime without core working hours. You also have the option of converting special payments into additional vacation days.

Company pension schemes & capital formation benefits

Your future is in safe hands with us: We take care of your employer-financed company pension scheme and pay capital-forming benefits.

Job ticket

Do you always want to be mobile? We will be happy to provide you with a job ticket. This means you can always reach your destination, even in your free time. With the DB Job-Ticket and the MVV-IsarCardJob, we have two tickets that were developed specifically for our company and offer you special discounts on public transport.

Convenient location

No matter how you travel to work – our offices are easily accessible by car, bicycle and public transport.

 This is just a small selection of the benefits we offer our employees. You can find the complete overview on our services and benefits page. Please note that individual offers may vary depending on location and position.