
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119564012

Strategy Operations Professional - m/f/d



About Us

Siemens Industry Software is a leading provider of solutions for the design, simulation and manufacture of products across many different industries. Formula 1 cars, skyscrapers, ships, space exploration vehicles, and many of the objects we see in our daily lives are being conceived and manufactured using our Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software. Headquartered in Plano, Texas, Siemens Industry Software works collaboratively with companies to deliver open solutions to help them make smarter decisions and create better products.

About The Role

The Global Sales Operations Professional role is to support the Digital Industries Software Portfolio Development and PreSales teams globally by providing strategic analyses and contributing to complex projects in strategic development. This mid-level individual contributor works collaboratively across organizations to create strong working relationships that deliver shared value to internal partners. The role involves driving the implementation of diverse business strategies, processes, tools, guidelines, and principles, and engaging internal partners to drive strategy.

This position is an exciting chance for someone to network frequently between senior business leaders and the Siemens worldwide organization, supporting the execution of our go-to-market strategy.

Key Responsibilities:

Present results of business analysis to senior management, including recommendations and changes to improve and support business systems and activities.Proactive engagement and strong communication with leadership.Support the annual planning process, cooperating closely with the zone planning leaders and other stakeholders to deliver an effective program with completion to an agreed timeline.Coordinate with relevant stakeholders, such as global Portfolio development, Presales, Finance and operations teams, for effective and timely integration of accurate data to ensure a robust planning platform.Work with the team and other technical staff to continue to develop and improve the existing dashboards to help drive insightful Executive reviews.Support and drive efficiency improvement projects for internal stakeholders.

Capabilities:

Work across time zones to support global team key projects.Ability to work well with technical and non-technical stakeholders.Self-motivated with proven communication and interpersonal skills.Excellent skills in organization, project, and task management with proven examples of success.Collaborative problem-solver skills to overcome obstacles.Operates without supervision.High proficiency in business software applications such as Tableau, Salesforce, Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint.Confident, capable contributor, with a proven ability to deliver high-quality work against aggressive timelines.Excellent written and verbal communication ability, preferably at a senior management level.Logical, clear-thinking ability, able to resolve complex problems and scenarios.Some experience of working effectively across international cultures and time zones, including remote working, remote management of activities, etc.Flexible, team-oriented, and able to drive consensus decisions in complex stakeholder situations.

Required Experience:

Minimum bachelor’s degree required in Engineering, Business Management, Marketing, or Communications - or equivalentKnowledge of EDA and/or PLM software preferred.Global multi-national corporation experience preferred.Proven track record delivering results in a complex organization and technical industry.Some experience in a business or sales planning, or closely related role would be beneficial.Good understanding of business finance preferred.Excellent skills in spoken and written English language. Additional languages beneficial.Daily use of Microsoft Office, TEAMS, Salesforce, etc. tools or equivalent.

Working Conditions/Physical Requirements:

Professional Office Environment.Possible domestic and international travel is required (up to 25%).Hybrid working environment

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

We are Siemens

A collection of over 377,000 minds building the future, one day at a time in over 200 countries. We're dedicated to equality, and we welcome applications that reflect the diversity of the communities we work in. All employment decisions at Siemens are based on qualifications, merit, and business need. Bring your curiosity and creativity and help us shape tomorrow!

We offer a comprehensive reward package which includes a competitive basic salary, bonus scheme, generous holiday allowance, pension, and private healthcare.

Siemens. Making Real What Matters

If you want to make a difference – make it with us!