
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119560319

IT Enterprise Architect (m/f/d)



Looking for a chance to create a positive impact on our society?

Financing the Future 

We are more than Financial Services!

We are turning ideas into reality: Be it the global transition to cleaner energy sources, the digitalization of manufacturing, the rapid development of smart infrastructure, mobility solutions and healthcare systems - financing is more crucial than ever. We make real what matters by combining our financial expertise with deep technical know-how to provide outstanding financial solutions.

Do you want to play a meaningful role in helping build a better future?

Are you also keen on turning established thinking on its head in the search for groundbreaking solutions that improve value creation?

Then join our team and let’s develop together what will be important tomorrow! Change the world of tomorrow with us!

What role will you play?

Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate them into technical solutionsDesign a state-of-the-art enterprise architecture landscape with proper integration based on business architecture requirements in close collaboration with customers, stakeholders, and suppliers, with a focus on finance solutionsBeing responsible for EA governance processes, Enterprise Architecture artifacts, Architecture reviews and documentationPerform gap analyses and planning for target architecture, guidelines and principles based on strategiesIdentify, design, align and evaluate technical options for scalable, secure and improving IT solutions and architectureEnsure alignment of IT strategy with business objectives as well as Support Business and IT strategy to define and include Target Architectures in their strategic roadmapsKeeping up your knowledge up-to-date proactively regarding new technology trends understanding the potential impact and relevance for Business and recommend new technologies and tools to enhance our IT infrastructure

Required Knowledge and Methodologies:

You know and already operated Enterprise Architecture Frameworks such as TOGAF, Zachman or Gartner EA FrameworkFor the alignment you are experienced in strategic planning, Business Capabilities- and Stakeholder Management within Financial Services Industry considering regulatory requirements from local authorities (MaRisk, MAS,…)State-of-the-Art technologies and concepts such as Cloud Computing, Low-Code, IoT, AI, BPM, DevOps, Modularization Microservices SOA Architecture, Integration platform/middleware and security architecture are not just buzzwords for youProven experience (5 or more years) as a Software Developer, Solution Architect and Enterprise Architect including experiences to introduce EA principles and methodologies in a companyPersonally, you are characterized by creativity and innovative spirit. You are attentive to change (e.g., market, technology, environment), embrace ideas for change, challenge the status quo to improve the organization, and are willing to take risksExcellent communication, ability to work in collaboratively mode with cross-functional teams and interpersonal skills and strong problem-solving and analytical skillsFluent English, good documentation and presentation skills completes your profile

We recognize that building a diverse workforce is crucial to the success of our business. Therefore, Siemens provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, or non-disqualifying physical or mental handicap or disability.

We strongly encourage applications from a diverse talent pool and welcome the opportunity to discuss workplace adjustments with all our applicants to develop agile working and innovation.

Are you ready to turn your dreams into reality? Apply now! 

Please send your CV in English.