
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119756188

Senior Consultant (m/f/d) - Allianz Consulting 1



About Us / Who you will join: 

Allianz Consulting is the internal consulting division of the Allianz Group. Based in Munich, Paris, Milan, Trivandrum, Pune, Singapore, New York and Minneapolis our dedicated global teams of over 600 consultants share a joint vision: to be the consulting partner of choice for Allianz Group core segments, transforming the future of Allianz from within. We bring deep industrial and functional expertise to fulfill our clients' needs, ranging from strategy, market management, sales and distribution, IT, organization, claims and operations to central functions and Agile methodologies.

Allianz Consulting's structure focuses on competencies and delivery. Therefore, we are set-up in so called "practice areas" and "service clusters" that focus on the following topics:

 Sales Excellence  Marketing & Customer Excellence  Agile@Allianz  Resilience & IT Excellence  Digital Ecosystems  Claims Excellence  Products & Pricing  Productivity Excellence  Finance Excellence & Strategy  Legal, Data Privacy & Compliance  People Excellence 

 Key responsibilities / You will get to: 

 Work with client teams, bearing responsibility for specific tasks, the quality of your deliverables and ensuring project milestones are reached  Manage communications and project timelines  Contribute to business development and client pitches under the guidance of an Engagement Manager  Help increase Allianz Consulting expertise within our strategic areas of development  Contribute to internal projects within Allianz Consulting, including internal knowledge sharing and team events 

 Key requirements / What we hope you bring: 

 University degree or equivalent experience  Minimum 3 years of experience in operational business or management consulting  Your experience in project management, change management, business transformation or initiative development and rollout  Your mastery of working and communicating with a broad range of audiences and seniority levels  An affinity for solving problems and a pronounced capacity for analytical thinking to help you organize and prioritize your tasks  Your enthusiasm for working in a diverse and international team  Your excellent command of English that you will use while preparing and delivering presentations and reports  Your previously acquired skills in PowerPoint and Excel (can perform complex functions)  Your curiosity for or knowledge of insurance and financial services and consulting methodologies, tools, and techniques 

 If you already have international experience, or speak German or other languages, we would love to hear more! 

 Did we spark your interest? Apply now and join us. Let's care for tomorrow. 

We highly welcome candidates with a genuine interest and affinity for Information Technology (IT) and Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI), as these attributes are considered valuable assets to our team.

Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams, and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in. We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability, or sexual orientation.

Join us. Let's care for tomorrow.