
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119779358

Project Engineer



Our client FLIR designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes technologies that enhance perception and awareness. FLIR brings innovative sensing solutions into daily life through thermal imaging, visible-light imaging, video analytics, measurement and diagnostic, and advanced threat detection systems. FLIR offers a diversified portfolio that serves a number of applications in government & defense, industrial, and commercial markets. Today the company is part of Teledyne Technologies Inc. (NYSE:TDY) world leader in enabling technologies to sense, transmit and analyze information for industrial growth markets, employing worldwide around 11.000 employees.FLIR Integrated Solutions offers integrated end-to-end security and traffic safety (visual and thermal) camera systems. Traffic managers use intelligent technology from FLIR to monitor and manage traffic streams. Be it for monitoring motorists and pedestrians in urban areas, for detecting incidents on highways and in tunnels, or for traffic data collection, FLIR’s intelligent Video Detection and Monitoring Solutions enhance traffic safety and mobility on a daily basis. FLIR thermal cameras are the industry standard for 24/7 perimeter monitoring. In addition to thermal, FLIR is known for its first-class radars, visible cameras, video management systems, and command and control software for security applications.
To further strengthen the international team of Project Engineers in the Technical Support group, FLIR has an exciting career opportunity available for a talented and experienced :
Project Engineer - Central & Eastern EuropeTraffic Safety, Critical & Smart City Infrastructure 
Mission
• After a training and introduction period you will be performing on-site pre- & post-sales technical support activities for diverse high-technological and intelligent traffic & transportation projects. • As the main technical contact point and interface for system integrators and end-customers you will assist with installation and commissioning of systems and equipment and you will ensure efficiënt and high-quality troubleshooting, acceptance testing, training and service to clients, both on-site and via remote connection. • As part of the pre-sales support you will study the project camera and network design in order to propose improvements or alternative solutions. You will work closely together with the Sales team by responding to technical requests from existing and prospective customers. • In the course of the project management cycle you will liaise with internal and external stakeholders across multiple functions. • In view of continuous product- & service improvement you will exchange customer feedback and market information with your colleagues. • You will monitor budget and timing targets, document your actions and provide regular updates and accurate progress reports. • You will report directly to the Director ITS Projects & Technical Support Services in Belgium.
Profile
Candidates for this role have a relevant and successful project & technical support management experience as Project-, Service- or Application Engineer, preferably in a multidisciplinary high-technological environment. • Ideally you are a qualified Project Manager (e.g. Prince2, PMI or similar) or you have the clear intention and motivation to get certified. • Experience in intelligent traffic solutions, security electronics, sensor technology or other smart and critical infrastructure definitely is a plus. • You have a proven hands-on experience with installations of servers and network equipment. • You are a customer focused and result driven professional with a strong sense of ownership and a high level of responsibility and commitment. • You are a well organized and autonomous self-starter with the ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. • You are fluent in English and German (verbal & written) with knowledge of other European languages as an advantage. • You have a EU Passport and you live near or are willing to relocate to a larger metropolitan area in one of the countries where FLIR has its own offices (e.g. Germany, France, Belgium, Italy,The Netherlands). • Operating from your home-office you are prepared to travel regularly to customer sites for periods of approx. 2-3 days per trip.
Offer
FLIR offers a competitive salary with bonus and other benefits in an expanding, dynamic and stimulating international work environment with attractive growth and development opportunities.