
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119530220

Internship - Product Strategy Artificial Intelligence & Data (AI) (f/m/d)



Work environment 

Shape the future of intelligent products with us! Our department combines the latest developments in product strategy, supported by the areas of data science and artificial intelligence (AI). We work on the strategic direction and further development of our product range and rely on innovative and data-driven technologies Approaches.

Job Purpose/Role

You will gain insights into the strategic planning and implementation of new product solutions. You will work actively in interdisciplinary teams to develop and evaluate new technologies and business models. You will support the definition of technical and business objectives in coordination with various company areas (sales, development, finance, procurement, production). You independently develop sub-projects and create presentations. You help with the preparation and follow-up of team meetings / project rounds. You provide operational support with cross-departmental decisions

Key Requirements/Skills/Experience

You are studying in a relevant field such as computer science, data science, engineering, industrial engineering, automotive industry or a comparable course of study. You have already gained initial practical experience through training or internships. You have quick comprehension and analytical thinking skills. Flexibility and independence. You are open-minded, a team player and present yourself convincingly. German and English at a business-fluent level are an advantage (B1).

Additional Information

This position is available at AUDI AG in Ingolstadt.

Generally all positions can be worked part time.

We embrace diversity, actively encourage inclusion and create an environment that fosters each employee's individuality in the interests of the company.

Reference code: I-P-106379.

Questions answered by Mr. Career Chat Career Chat by calling 0123456789