
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119729056

Junior Product Manager (m/w/d)



Digital products, apps and web projects are the world you want to work in.

Are you passionate about technology, design and business, but don't want to become a coding specialist yourself?

Then the role of a Product Manager/Product Owner is just right for you.

We, the Digitale Leute School, train product managers in our boot camps and place them in entry-level positions.

Our next course starts soon and we still have places available!

Start your product management training as a career changer, switcher, junior or associate product manager and then find your first job.

Tasks

Control of development teams

As a product manager/product owner, you control your team in the Scrum or Kanban process. You will learn how the standard daily, refinement, planning, grooming, review and retrospective appointments work and what is expected of you.

User Stories & Backlog

The Product Manager/Product Owner’s most important tool is the Product Backlog. You will learn how to write good user stories & epics and put them in a sensible order in the backlog.

Testing & Quality Assurance

As soon as user stories have been fully implemented by the developers, they must be tested and made live. You will learn how to test software products for acceptance yourself and how to organize this process.

Product vision & stakeholder communication

A product needs a medium to long-term focus. With a “Product Vision Statement” or the “Working Backwards Method” you describe the ideal product properties from the customer’s perspective. This forms the basis for communicating product goals within the company.

Product & User Experience Design

User-centered design of software is central to the success of any digital product. You will learn the basics of usability & UX design and will be given tools on how to develop prototypes and communicate with UX designers.

Tracking & data analysis

Monitoring and tracking software products and their functionalities allows you to measure the success of your product and identify warning indicators for errors. You will learn how to design, define and review relevant KPIs and metrics.

qualification

You are a fan of technology and are enthusiastic about digital productsYou are ambitious and like to celebrate your shared success with your teamYou enjoy agile working methods (Scrum, Kanban, Pairing, etc.)You can convince customers and stakeholders of your plans with your visionsYou You like to work in a team, show initiative and are pragmatic. You enjoy thinking entrepreneurially. You are courageous - you like to accept uncertain situations as a challenge


Benefits

We will train you remotely/online to become a Product Manager/Product Owner in the Product Management Bootcamp (German-speaking) within 3 months. We will support you in finding a company during your further training that offers you a job entry during or after the bootcamp. The further training is part-time and full-time possibleYou will get a mentor who will guide you through the program and you will simulate working in product teamsAfter three months you can join digital product teams as a product manager with a certificate and you know what you are doing are the tasks of a strategic product manager


We look forward to receiving your CV and application.