
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119577697

Digital Operations Manager (m/w/d)



E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH is a leading national energy company. With our approximately 2,200 employees, we are responsible for sales throughout Germany. Our mission is to be the playmaker of the energy transition in Germany and to make it feasible for everyone. We are accelerating the transition to a decentralized and sustainable energy future to ensure a livable planet for future generations. With products and digital solutions made from renewable energy sources and innovative technologies, we help ensure that every home and every company can be part of the energy transition. Become part of our team and shape the energy world of tomorrow with us. It's on us.

We are looking for you as a Digital Operations Manager (m/f/d) as soon as possible. We offer the following location(s): Munich

Your playing field

As Digital Delivery, we are responsible for the operation and further development of the website “eon.de” and the customer portal “Mein E.ON”. Our aim is to provide our customers with a high-performance, highly available and user-friendly website. You are an important part of this and support us through:

Responsibility & further development: You are responsible for operational IT operations and ensuring an error-free website as well as maintaining and expanding monitoring. In addition, you are responsible for planning and executing test and release management for hotfix, bugfix and major releases. Problem solving & coordination: You have strong analytical skills that help you find sustainable solutions to complex incidents. You build meaningful relationships with various stakeholders and use the interfaces to coordinate a wide range of topics related to the operation of our websiteTekkie & Team Player: You have a high level of technology affinity and like to advance your tasks independently as well as the big topics in our website team tackle together


Are you our playmaker?

Broad technical knowledge of websites: You have an understanding of frontend, middleware and backend and you know terms such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, APIs, DevOps tools, microservices, cloud infrastructure, Salesforce CRM and Adobe Experience Manager curiousStakeholder management: You have strong skills in stakeholder management, communication and coordination and can work effectively with various business partners and system managers. You will be perceived as a reliable partner in questions of system stability and availabilityCommunication: You are characterized by a confident and authoritative demeanor and good communication in German (C1) and English (C1) both spoken and written at all company levels, as well as your ability to handle even complex tasks to communicate technical issues in an appropriate manner to the addressee


Our energy package for you

An innovative environment to shape a sustainable energy world of tomorrowFlexible working hours and hybrid working model to promote work-life balance Opportunities for work in other European countries, sabbaticals or additional vacation days An agile working environment with interdisciplinary collaboration, flat hierarchies and a first-person culture Diverse learning and Further training offers, support programs and development opportunities within the group Attractive financial additional benefits, e.g. company pension scheme and capital formation benefits Numerous discounts, e.g. Employee share program, E.ON Leasing Bike/Car, EGYM Wellpass, holiday apartments, employee discounts from well-known brands and providers


It's on you

Become part of our team, expand our flock and shape the energy world of tomorrow with us. Please apply directly with your CV and your degree/employment certificates via the online application portal. For further information, please contact Samy EL-Bouz at samy.el-bouz@eon.com.

What else you should know:

Type of employment: Permanent

Working model: Hybrid

Employment level: full-time; Part time

Company: E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH

Diversity and inclusion are our self-image. We welcome applications from people with disabilities because we are convinced that differences enrich us.