
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119727587

Working Student: Global Product Management for Ambient Sensing (f/m/div)



Would you like to contribute to make the world greener and smarter with Infineon’s sensor solutions? As a global semiconductor leader, we enable game-changing sensor solutions for green and efficient energy as well as smart and secure IoT. Join our ambitious team and help to position our innovative products in the market! We are looking forward to your application!

Take responsibility: You prepare and execute go-to-market activities as well as campaignsBe creative: You bring in your own ideas on how to make products more accessible to customers around the worldExpand your horizon: You support strategic product management topics, such as defining go-to-market plans, developing product forecasts and pricing strategiesStudy field: You are currently studying Industrial Engineering, Economics, Electrical Engineering or similarExperience: You have gained insights into business development or product management and have experience in dealing with internal & external stakeholdersInterests: You have an interest in business besides technical understanding or backgroundWay of working: You have a creative and solution oriented mindsetPersonality: You are a free thinker and a person easy to communicate withSkills: You are proficient in PowerPointLanguage skills: You are fluent in English (German is beneficial, but not needed)

Please attach the following documents to your application:

CV in EnglishCertificate of enrollment at universityLatest grades transcript (not older than 6 months)High school report

Important information:

Working part-time: The focus is on studies. Therefore, working student is possible during the lecture period with a maximum of 20 hours per week.Proper students (according to the German law) are welcome: You must be enrolled, and the examination results or modules of your studies must not have been completed yet, so that you can still work in our team for at least 6 months. You must also not be in a semester of leave.You should live close to the site: It is important for us to work with you on site and to integrate you into the team. You should therefore be able to come to the site regularly.

Contact:

Aylin Kocacay

Further links:

Find out what we are looking for in your CV

Find out how the student application process works with us

Discover our student website

#WeAreIn for driving decarbonization and digitalization.

As a global leader in semiconductor solutions in power systems and IoT, Infineon enables game-changing solutions for green and efficient energy, clean and safe mobility, as well as smart and secure IoT. Together, we drive innovation and customer success, while caring for our people and empowering them to reach ambitious goals. Be a part of making life easier, safer and greener.

Are you in?

– Power & Sensor Systems (PSS) drives leading-edge power management, sensing, and data transfer capabilities –

The PSS division powers decarbonization and digitalization with a wide range of energy-efficient and digital solutions. PSS semiconductors help avoid carbon emissions, use resources sustainably, manage power effectively and intelligently, give ‘things’ smart senses, and process data quickly and reliably. The portfolio includes power, connectivity, RF, and sensor system technologies to develop smaller, lighter, smarter, and more efficient solutions for consumer devices, smart home/building applications, robotics, computing and data centers, charging devices, power tools, and much more.

The next generation of silicon and wide-bandgap (SiC and GaN) solutions provides unparalleled performance and reliability for 5G, big data, and renewable energy applications. These materials are paving the way for further energy and carbon savings. Highly precise XENSIV™ sensor solutions are enabling IoT devices to react intuitively to their surroundings for seamless user interactions while audio amplifiers bring exceptional sound experiences to smart speakers and other audio use cases.

We are on a journey to create the best Infineon for everyone.

This means we embrace diversity and inclusion and welcome everyone for who they are. At Infineon, we offer a working environment characterized by trust, openness, respect and tolerance and are committed to give all applicants and employees equal opportunities. We base our recruiting decisions on the applicant´s experience and skills.

We look forward to receiving your resume, even if you do not entirely meet all the requirements of the job posting.

Please let your recruiter know if they need to pay special attention to something in order to enable your participation in the interview process.

Click here for more information about Diversity & Inclusion at Infineon.