
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119563201

Product Manager (f/m/d) Decarbonization Solutions



This position will be a temporary contract of 12 months.

Knowledge for the world of tomorrow.

How large is the Product Carbon Footprint (PCF) of products? This question is challenging and complex. Nevertheless, we need to answer be able to answer it and take targeted measures to achieve climate targets as early as in product development and production. We have made it our mission to enable industry to calculate the CO2e footprint of their products on a supply chain-specific basis, to share it with confidence, and ultimately to reduce and offset it.

Using our SiGREEN PCF sharing platform, companies can determine PCF based on available IT/OT data to handle their own (factory) emissions as well as external emissions from the supply chain. Our recipe for success is based on distributed ledger technology for sharing PCFs based on primary data along the entire value chain. This goes hand in hand with a dynamic integration of LCA factors, energy values and material flow data. We have been given the status of an internal start-up at Siemens to try out new things and to learn fast.

We are ambitious, flexible, and work in an agile way. We are represented in international associations and networks of the LCA community, helping to craft the future of PCF exchange.

What part will you play?

In your role as product owner/product manager (f/m/d), you are responsible for the further development of the product and to understand or anticipate user requirements and convert them into product requirements.Together with your team, you define the strategic vision for the product and lead the development and implementation of this strategy. You collaborate with the product teams on market-oriented technical solutions by considering commercial and organizational aspects.You will shape the entire lifecycle: You will plan the release of project results and the release lifecycle on your own, coordinate the release schedule and the necessary resources for this. You will also act as internal and external representative and contact person for the defined products/features. On the customer side, you will be the representation to multifunctional development teams. You will manage and communicate project related tasks such as project plans, schedules, requirements, etc. between the different teams and participate in sprint planning and team meetings simultaneously. You will also build and maintain the team backlog, epics as well as user stories, define Definition of Done (DoD) criteria and accept/reject work results.

Your profile for "Making the Future Possible".

Successfully completed master's degree.Several years of professional experience in product management or product development within B2B SaaS industry, sustainability ideally with supply chain focus.Experience with customers from the manufacturing and process industry as well as a technical understanding of supply chain processes.For collaboration in an international and external environment and on different organizational levels, you bring excellent communication and presentation skills in English as well as an intercultural competence.Highly proficient in analytical, strategic, and coordinative skills. In addition, you bring a high level of communication and motivation talents coupled with strong interpersonal skills.Proficiency in tools like JIRA and Confluence are an advantage.We work with experts all over the world in a hybrid working model. Willingness to travel internationally (limited extent).

Make your mark in our exciting world at Siemens!

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.

www.siemens.com/careers - if you would like to find out more about jobs & careers at Siemens.

FAQ - if you need further information on the application process.