
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119784866

Cost Engineer - Electronics (m/f/d)



What's the role?

We are looking for you as an interface between purchasing and development. You bring well-founded electronic knowledge with you and are keen to become part of our team as a cost engineer after individual training and intensive internal knowledge transfer. Overall we are looking for someone who is willing to bring the best total-cost-ownership.

Who is Hilti?

Hilti is the place where innovation is harnessed to improve productivity, safety, and sustainability in the global construction industry and beyond. It's where solutions are born based on strong customer relationships, making it possible to build a better future. It's where 34,000 people across 120 different locations worldwide take pride in being part of the team. It's where people have the opportunity to explore their possibilities, unleash their potential, take responsibility for their personal development, and build their careers for the long term. From the construction, simulation and design of the products, to the production of our own prototypes, to system testing and certification of our power tools - our innovation comes from our own research and development laboratories.

What does the role involve?

You will play a central role within the "Cost Engineering - Electronics" department, working with our team of experienced experts to identify both the technological and commercial potential of the electronics market for Hilti. In this role, you will be involved in technology projects at an early stage as a representative of strategic purchasing and optimally balancing costs against technical requirements. In addition, in the beginning of the projects you will be the one who puts everything together with the development experts by contributing your strong technical understanding. The team is international and develops the technology roadmap for Hilti's global electronics manufacturing.

We have 800 of the world’s best engineers developing and testing tomorrow’s technical solutions in our innovation center in Liechtenstein and Kaufering.

What do we offer?

We offer you a unique place to work, in which you are part of a creative and interdisciplinary team. We will give you a lot of responsibility to develop yourself and we´ll support you in shaping your individual career path.

In addition, we offer you innovative and personalized Benefits, such as

 Internal mentoring program  In-house fitness area with training courses  Flexible working arrangements  Subsidised monthly and annual public transport subscriptions  Subsidy for childcare  Summer holiday care for children  Two days to make a difference in the environment and society 


Further benefits:

 Support in relocating and finding a flat  Tax advice 


The mission of the Hilti Group is "Making Construction Better," based on a passionate and inclusive team, as well as an employee and performance-oriented corporate culture. Integrity, courage, teamwork, and commitment are essential for Hilti - both today and tomorrow. We are proud to say that we not only talk about our values but also live them every day. What you need is:

 At least 5 years of work experience, technical degree in electrical engineering, industrial engineering, mechatronics or similar  Analytical approach and able to align with different stakeholders  Experience in electronics e.g. electronic development or production is a must  Knowledge in the analysis of target costs and correspondingly a pronounced cost sensitivity is advantageous  Good expertise in the use of Excel  Fluent in German and English (verbal and written)  Willingness to visit international suppliers 


Why should you apply?

Our purchasing team consists of highly qualified employees with different nationalities and personalities. With your openness to new things, your enthusiasm and know-how for purchasing electronics, you fit perfectly into our team.

During your job interview you will spend some time with us and get to know our company. Thus you will get a feeling for the job and our corporate culture.

Hilti stands for equal opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving applications from severely disabled persons and similarly disabled persons.

Contact: Hilti Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH I Jennifer Cyffka I Human Resources

Should you encounter technical problems during your application, please contact mycareer-techsupport@hilti.com.