
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119608537

Area Manager



Description

As a young manager, you will be prepared for your new role as a manager in our 11-week internal onboarding program.

After this extensive training, you will take on management responsibility for your own team and ensure that our customers receive their goods on time and in good quality. In this position, you are an important part of our global company and work hand in hand with your local employees. You will also work across locations on topics such as occupational safety, process optimization, sustainability and technical progress.

Key job responsibilities

 Ensuring compliance with occupational safety regulations and environmental protection. Derivation of recommendations for action and concrete measures for process improvement based on key figures such as occupational safety, productivity and quality. Management and further training of a team (up to 100 employees). Planning and controlling internal processes. Participation in higher-level projects to optimize the Customer satisfaction Effective resource and workflow management Collaboration with upstream and downstream departments on site

A day in the life

You work in one of our shifts (early, late or night shift). Compliance with safety standards throughout your entire location is your top priority. As a shift manager, you routinely hold team meetings and conduct feedback discussions with your employees and stakeholders. With the help of data evaluations, you can influence the productivity and quality of your location. As an important member of the on-site team, you will work with other departments and external stakeholders and ensure that we meet the requirements of our customers as well as our own specifications at all times. By analyzing data with managers and discussing the operational advantages and disadvantages of technical improvements with specialist departments, you contribute to “best in class” solutions.

About The Team

It all started for Amazon with the fulfillment of our customer orders (Customer Fulfillment or CF). The Customer Fulfillment team has now transformed from a humble team of booksellers to a highly experienced global team that processes more than 1.5 million orders every day. The team forms the foundation of our business and has helped us expand into new geographies and services. Using emerging technology, we are constantly looking for ways to offer a bigger and better selection of products - delivered quickly and affordably.

CF team members are the first to ensure our customers receive their orders with the speed we are known for. We work in fulfillment centers that are at the heart of Amazon's dynamic operating network. Our fulfillment centers are sometimes referred to as the “first mile” – this is where most Amazon packages start their shipping route. We support the management of a dynamic inventory and enable fast deliveries around the clock.

Our fulfillment centers employ a diverse group of employees. There are numerous opportunities for people with a wide range of abilities. Some of us work with physical products. Others analyze data and help make smart decisions across the organization.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree or shortly before completing a Bachelor's degree program Advanced written and spoken English and German skills Relevant experience in conducting data analysis

Preferred qualifications

 Interest in taking on a management role and your own team with employees from all over the world Experience in communicating with various stakeholders, including colleagues and managers Experience in a logistics environment Experience in working with MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) in a professional environment

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/f/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon SZ NRW GmbH

Job ID: A2867546