
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119475803

Digital Consultant (all genders)



Join our global team of experts

At diconium, you will work on projects that create value from software, data, and AI, enabling businesses to achieve more with less. You will collaborate with over 2,300 fellow experts to support global leading companies in maximizing the impact of digital efforts and delivering solutions with measurable business impact. We prioritize people and genuine human connection, ensuring a supportive and inclusive work environment. And we give you maximum flexibility thanks to our hybrid workplace.

What You Can Expect

As an expert in the field of digital business, you will convince our customers with your distinctive innovation knowledge, which in business development for existing customers and as sales support in new customer business clearly exceeds customer expectations.You will take over business consulting on an operational level in projects and maintain a proactive knowledge transfer with the corresponding interfaces (sales, marketing, strategy) to achieve the best possible results.You are an internal initiator, constantly dealing with the latest trends and innovations and thus contribute significantly to positioning diconium as an innovation leader.

What You Bring Along

Based on several years of professional experience in a similar position on the service provider/consulting/company side, you will be responsible for integrated customer consulting in the area of digital transformation, from strategy development and planning to the implementation of business and IT projects.You will inspire our customers with your high-quality consulting services, you are used to working independently and in a structured manner and finally you will convince them with your strong service and customer-oriented approach and business perspective on customer requirements.You act proactively, present solutions and fields of action and quickly win over customers due to your communication and presentation skills. Your ability to abstract and analyze ensures that you can convince them in the long term.Strong communication skills in German and English.

What We Have To Offer

Discover new skills and improve your strengths, adapt your working day to your personal lifestyle, celebrate community, sustainability and diversity. And sweeten your working life with awesome perks and benefits!

Professional & Personal Growth: Develop yourself both professionally and personally through training programs, free language courses, competence centers and an active tech community.

Flexible Work-Life Balance: Benefit from hybrid work, workation, flexible hours, parental support and sabbaticals.

Embrace Diversity & Sustainability: Engage in our Sustainability Hub, diverse communities, Diversity Taskforce and after-work activities.

Comprehensive Benefits: Enjoy public transport tickets, job bikes, health offers, supplementary insurances, a pension plan and various discounts.

What We Value

At diconium, we value and recognize the unique perspectives and experiences of each individual. With this in mind, we welcome and cherish every single application equally. At the same time, we stand up against any type of discrimination and harassment based on gender, age, skin color, religion, sexual orientation, origin, disability, gender identity and other protected characteristics.

YOUR WAY TO US

Step 1: You submit your CVStep 2: We invite you to a first video callStep 3: We schedule a second interviewStep 4: We send you a task to show off your skillsStep 5: We schedule a third call to present your resultsStep 6: You like us, we like you? Welcome to diconium!

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out.

Your contact person is

Anna, anna.schmidt@diconium.com