
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4119559738

(Senior) Project Manager (f/m/d) Sustainability and Digitalization



If you really want to make a difference – make it with us

Siemens Mobility is a separately managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading supplier in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and related services. We have always been very innovative in making traveling faster, safer and more comfortable. Today, we need new solutions to new challenges such as climate change and rising populations worldwide. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion, always being one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures smart and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are pioneers in mobility who help to keep the world moving.

What do you contribute? 

Together, we shape the future of the industry through sustainable and data-driven solutions.

You work in an innovative department responsible for the sustainability topics of Siemens Mobility. In this context, you are currently driving the development of an open, collaborative data space for the railway industry.

In your new role, you take full project management responsibility for a groundbreaking railway project.You lead a consortium of top-tier companies, aligning efforts to achieve shared objectives.Moreover, you inspire and guide work teams, ensuring milestones are met on time and within budget.Additionally, you work closely with technical experts to define innovative solutions for use cases such as battery passports, CO₂ footprints, and lifecycle data management.Furthermore, you manage diverse stakeholder interests and foster alignment within the industry.You present results concisely to senior management and communicate professionally with our partners in both German and English.You have the opportunity to shape Siemens Mobility's sustainability initiatives and align the project accordingly.Finally, you will build a powerful network within the railway industry and collaborate with innovators across the entire value chain.

What do you bring along? 

You impress us with your experience and passion for sustainable mobility:

You hold a master’s or doctoral degree in economics, computer science, (software) engineering, or transportation management.Additionaly, you have extensive experience in project management involving complex partner networks or consulting projects (preferably in the IT sector).Experience in management consulting is a plus for successfully managing projects in demanding environments.Moreover, you stand out with your deep expertise in sustainability and technological innovationsFinally, you communicate confidently in both German and English and present results clearly and convincingly.

What do we offer you? 

Mobile working /Remote working

With us, you will have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can work remotely to a considerable extent. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.

Career growth

We offer comprehensive training opportunities for your professional and personal development. With our Learning Campus, we have an in-house service provider with a wide range of online and offline training courses.

Purpose

We are pioneers in mobility. At Siemens Mobility, you will actively contribute to the transformation of transportation and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transportation solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

You Can Find An Overview Of Our Benefits Here.

How do you get in touch with us? 

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens Mobility before applying.

www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs/faq.html

if you would like to obtain more information about the application process.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

if you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

if you would like more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.

The contact person handling this job ad is Mrs. Daniela Grüner.