
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120407823

Product Manager (f/m/div.) / Service Portfolio Manager (f/m/div.)



Company description

At Bosch, we shape the future with high-quality technologies and services that inspire excitement and improve people's lives. Our promise to our employees is rock solid: We grow together, enjoy our work and inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

Work in the Bosch Building Technologies division: Bosch Security Systems GmbH (contractual legal entity) looks forward to your application.

Job description

Service Portfolio: Creating and managing a service portfolio for existing and new customer business in the context of security systems for buildings and “Building Intelligence”. Service Design: Developing new services for our customers, i.e. requirements management, support of service development as well as interface to strategy, marketing and communication as well as sales, also involving third-party solutions. Service Transition: Coordinating new services with other service units in the integrator business as well as the business units in the product business, especially for cross-domain new services. Service Lifecycle: Monitoring the life cycle of the service portfolio elements, i.e. from development to end-of-life, in particular with continuous testing of profitability. Process management: Definition and implementation of business processes within the BT-IE installation business with a focus on service processes (e.g. instructions or procedures). Process monitoring: Agreeing on process goals with other business areas and introducing and measuring suitable key figures and metrics. 

Qualifications

Education: Completed technical or commercial training with further qualification or completed studies in the field of industrial engineering / computer science / electrical engineering or a comparable qualification. Personality and way of working: assertiveness and at the same time cooperative way of working, ability to work in a team and communication skills, strong analytical and conceptual skills as well as entrepreneurial thinking and actions. Know-How: Strong knowledge of portfolio management, service development and requirements management is an advantage. Experience: Professional experience in a larger company (group structure) desirable. Languages: Very good knowledge of spoken and written English and German. 

Additional Information

We offer great options for remote working as well as various part-time models including job sharing. Please feel free to contact us about this.

For us, diversity and inclusion are not trends, but rather firmly anchored in our corporate culture. We therefore welcome all applications: regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Do you have any questions about the application process?

Viet Tan Nguyen (Human Resources)

+49 89 6290 2193