
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120413280

Praktikum User Experience (UX) Design



Company description

At Bosch, we shape the future with high-quality technologies and services that inspire excitement and improve people's lives. Our promise to our employees is rock solid: We grow together, enjoy our work and inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

Bosch Security Systems GmbH looks forward to your application!

Job description

Our products have a high demand for a convincing user experience. In the conception phase, you support ongoing projects in identifying the user's needs and addressing them through good design. You will work in the company-wide user experience management team at Bosch Building Technologies and gain insights into many different areas of UX. We are currently realigning our digital strategy and you will help us understand and structure complex relationships clearly and logically, e.g. with Miro. As a result, you visualize important results in an appealing and professional information design, e.g. with Figma. You will also help with our numerous workshops, whether virtual, hybrid or face2face. Another area of ​​responsibility is to support the UI/UX design of current projects, e.g. creating user-centered interaction concepts (rapid prototyping) and wireframes. 

Qualifications

Education: Studies in the field of design disciplines (interaction, communication, UX design) or comparableExperience and know-how: very good knowledge of the user centered design process; initial project experience e.g. in interaction, screen and graphic design, rapid prototyping, user testing, knowledge of common design tools (e.g. Figma) Personality and way of working: communicative and creative person who works independently and solution-oriented Enthusiasm: strong interest in user-centered design approaches in the field of tension between people and technologyLanguages: good English, German is an advantage

Additional Information

Start: by arrangement

Duration: 3 - 6 months

The prerequisite for the internship is enrollment at a university. Please include your CV, your current grades, a current certificate of enrollment, your examination regulations and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit with your application.

For us, diversity and inclusion are not trends, but rather firmly anchored in our corporate culture. We therefore welcome all applications: regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Do you have technical questions about the job?

Andreas Baumann (specialist department)

+49 89 6290 1315

We are on a first-name basis in this team. Become a part of it! Work