
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120413173

Senior Project Manager IC Design (f/m/div)



Company Description

Bosch Sensortec GmbH is a technology leader in sensing solutions based on microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and dedicated to the consumer electronics world. We develop and market key technologies for smartphones and tablets, hearables, wearables, smartglasses, augmented and virtual reality applications, gaming devices and many more. Our sensors improve people’s well-being and lifestyle and enable consumer electronic devices to sense the world around us. MEMS sensors are therefore an essential part of the foundation for a connected world. Bosch Sensortec GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH.

Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!

Job Description

You will be managing complex ASIC development projects for Consumer ElectronicsWithin the dedicated projects you are responsible for targets with respect to scope, time, quality and budgetAs a central contact person you coordinate tasks with internal and external stakeholders, including foundry business partnersBased on your monitoring you report the project status to relevant stakeholdersDevelopment and implementation of recovery plans for unforeseen occurrencesYou lead, support and motivate a cross functional team in an international and global environment

Qualifications

Personality: Enthusiastic and creative team player, willingness to work in an international and interdisciplinary environment, assertive and analyticalWorking Style: Quality oriented, independent working style; clear and stake-holder oriented communicationExperience and Knowledge: Deep knowledge of mixed signal ASIC design and semi-conductor processes required; Minimum 5 years of professional experience in IC development and several years of experiences in leadings a team in technical projectsLanguages: Proficient English (C1) and advanced German (B1) language skillsEducation: M.Sc. / Dipl.-Ing. in Electrical Engineering / Physics or comparable qualification

Additional Information

We offer great opportunities for mobile working as well as different part-time models or job-sharing.

Feel free to contact us.

Diversity and inclusion are not just trends for us but are firmly anchored in our corporate culture. Therefore, we welcome all applications, regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Need support during your application?

Samuel Zinn (Human Resources)

+49 7121 35-33717

Need further information about the job?

Andreas Täuber (Functional Department)

+49 89 45481-391