
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120801531

Working Student (f/m/d) IT Communication



Mode of Employment: Limited; max. 14-20 h / week

Develop What Will Be Important Tomorrow.

How will we travel, communicate, and use energy in the world of tomorrow? Work on the right answers with us. We are looking for bright minds – thinkers with a passion for practical matters. In short, people who can turn their questions and ours into exciting new discoveries. When you join our team as one of our working students, you will find many opportunities to get involved. Seize the chance to be part of our global network, make key contacts, and get your career as well as your personal life on the best track. Our teams are curious to meet you.

Siemens Data Cloud & AI is where magic happens!

A Siemens-wide program that harnesses the power of Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) to level up our entire value chain - from sales and manufacturing to logistics and procurement. The goal? To boost our competitiveness, uncover new revenue streams and drive digitalization!

As our new working student, you will be contributing with your creativity and tech savviness to support our communication and marketing initiatives.

What’s in it for you:

 Join a dynamic, international team of passionate innovators. Enjoy the flexibility of independent and hybrid (office/home) work. Connect regularly with other ambitious working students. Gain valuable insights into the world of Siemens IT and Data & Analytics.

Change the future with us.

You lead engaging internal Siemens communication for our Data Science and AI training sessions and community events. This includes developing content for social media, newsletters, and articles that captivate our audience.You enhance and optimize our website presence to effectively reach and inspire our key target groups.You translate complex tech topics into simple, compelling content that excite our target audiences.You inspire employees for the Siemens Data & AI Cloud (e.g., promoting employee training through AI courses or sparking interest in the potentials of Data Analytics and AI).You contribute to program projects (such as conceptualizing, optimizing, and testing newly developed applications)

Your qualifications:

You are currently crushing it in a Bachelor's or Master's program in Marketing, Economics, Management, Comms/Media, IT, Data Science, or a related field. You can commit 14-20 hours per week (up to 35 during lecture-free periods).Your MS Office skills, especially PowerPoint and SharePoint, are top-notch. You also love learning new tools.Bonus points if you've got experience creating content and communicating with diverse audiences.Initiative, reliability, and an independent, results-oriented working style characterize you.You have very good German and English skills.

Sounds like you? Then we can't wait to hear from you and learn more about how you can contribute to our Siemens Data & AI Cloud mission!

We’ve got quite a lot to offer. How about you?

www.siemens.de

if you wish to find out more about Siemens before applying.

Do you have questions about the application? Here you will find answers to frequently asked questions.

If you have more questions please contact: www.siemens.de/fragenzurbewerbung

www.siemens.com/careers

if you would like to find out more about jobs & careers at Siemens.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.