
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120997870

Technical Project Manager (m/w/d)



YOUR TASKS
We are looking for a proactive and experienced Technical Project Manager (m/f/d) with the aim of carrying out projects smoothly in order to make RobCo Europe's leading company for automation solutions in the SMB sector. With financing of >50 million euros from renowned VCs such as Sequoia Capital and Lightspeed, as well as from first-class business angels such as Daniel Dines and Torsten Reil, we are ideally positioned to realize our vision. As a Technical Project Manager at RobCo, you will take responsibility for overseeing and managing multiple complex robot deployment projects simultaneously. However, this position goes far beyond pure project management: you actively design the structures and processes that lead our projects to success. Your goal is to ensure that all projects are completed efficiently, on time and to the highest quality standards.
Your tasks include:Project management: You manage and coordinate several robot deployment projects from conception to delivery, keeping an eye on the entire technical life cycle.Structuring and process design: You develop and optimize processes and structures that increase efficiency and Increase the quality of our project implementations and set new standards for future projects.Stakeholder management: You work closely with internal teams, e.g. sales, product engineering, and external partners to ensure that everyone involved is on the same page and the project goals are clearly defined and achieved.Resource management: You ensure that resources are used optimally and react flexibly to changes and challenges during the course of the project.Risk management: You identify risks and problems at an early stage and develop strategies to manage these effectively and ensure project success.Innovation and continuous improvement: You drive forward technical development and ensure that creative solutions are found for complex challenges.

YOUR PROFILE
You have a completed technical university degree or, alternatively, a completed degree in another area with extensive professional experience in a relevant technical environment. You have several years of experience in project management of technical projects, ideally in the area of ​​automation or robotics. You are able to: Manage multiple complex projects at the same time and maintain an overview even in dynamic environments. You have strong technical expertise and can translate this into the language of business goals and customer needs. You have excellent communication and organizational skills You are able to lead cross-functional teams effectively. You enjoy working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and are willing to actively participate in the further development of the company. You have very good knowledge of German and English.

WHY US?
Work with us on groundbreaking technology in software-defined modular robotics and do pioneering work in solving the shortage of skilled workers in the industry. Versatile, responsible and independent work in a young and dynamic startup. Flat hierarchies with an open and direct feedback culture, including a 360° -Development feedback aimed at holistic professional development. Train across Germany in over 7,200 partner studios for just €30 per month with your subsidized Wellpass membership.Regular team events (game nights, ski trips and much more) - Teamwork makes the dream work!
Do you share our passion for our groundbreaking robot technology and would you like to be part of our dynamic growth? You will carry out your own projects, implement innovative solutions and be recognized for your successes!

ABOUT US
RobCo is at the forefront of a revolution in robotics, enabling companies to increase productivity and overcome labor shortages. We are looking for you to make RobCo the leading robotics company in Europe and the USA. We have raised more than $50 million from the world's top venture capitalists like Sequoia Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners, as well as top angel investors like Daniel Dines and Torsten Reil, to fulfill our mission.
At RobCo, applicants are selected regardless of ethnic origin, religion, gender, age, disability or sexual orientation. All decisions throughout the recruitment process are based solely on applicants’ qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience as well as relevant business requirements.