
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120408919

Senior IT Demand and Portfolio Manager (f/m/div.)



Company Description

At Bosch, we shape the future by inventing high-quality technologies and services that spark enthusiasm and enrich people’s lives. Our promise to our associates is rock-solid: We grow together, we enjoy our work, and we inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

Job Description

Building solutions for a better life. The Bosch Building Technologies division is a leading international provider of systems, solutions and services that increase the safety of people, buildings and property and also contribute to greater comfort, energy efficiency and sustainability.

Bosch Building Technologies is divided into the international product business and the regional system integration business. Currently, the three product areas of video systems, access control & intrusion detection systems and communication systems as well as the associated cross-divisional functions within the division are to be set up as an independent unit and then further developed as a sustainable core business by a new owner.

International and interdisciplinary cooperation: As Senior IT Demand and Portfolio Manager, you will be part of the new company to be set up in the future and thus contribute to a globally networked team of around 4300 colleagues operating in over 50 countries. In your position you will shape and continuously improve a process to oversee the intake, and execution of IT change initiatives and services to ensure alignment with business strategy. You will manage demand lifecycle, from idea generation to delivery, and oversee the IT portfolio to maximize value, manage risks, and ensure that resources are used efficiently. The role also involves collaborating with key stakeholders to define and balance competing demands for IT services. Act as central contact for HQ and BU senior management to analyze and assess business demand to determine feasibility and alignment with the IT strategy; develop and manage the demand intake process; ensuring transparency and clear prioritization of requests; collaborate with product owners and managers, and business analysts to assess resource requirements, opportunities and risks, and potential delivery timelines. In addition, oversee the IT project portfolio and ensure that it is in line with business priorities; lead portfolio reviews, report on cross-products status, risks and opportunities, and overall performance to senior management; ensure that all portfolio activities are aligned with the Enterprise Architects budget allocation, forecast expenditures, and financial targets achievement in close alignment with IT controller. Work closely with business leaders and stakeholders to understand their strategic objectives and ensure that IT initiatives support these goals; align IT demand and change initiatives with the broader business and IT strategy; support business case creation and tracking. You will be responsible for building “trusted advisor” relationships with key business stakeholders; provide regular reporting and updates to senior leadership on portfolio performance, risks/opportunities, and demand pipeline; ensure effective communication channels between business units and IT, facilitate alignment and shared understanding of priorities. Last but not least, you mentor, and coach IT product owners, solution architects and agile masters, and develop the team’s capabilities in demand portfolio management through training, coaching, and performance management. 

Qualifications

Education: completed university studies in computer science, business administration or a comparable qualificationExperience and Knowledge: many years of professional experience in IT; proven experience in leading cross-functional teams and working with high-level business stakeholders; extensive experience in managing large IT portfolios with a variety of projects and initiatives; solid knowledge of project management methodologies (agile, waterfall, hybrid) and portfolio management tools (e.g. ServiceNow)Qualifications: professional certifications in the areas of portfolio/project management (e.g. PMI, PRINCE2) and/or IT governance (e.g. ITIL 4, COBIT) and agile practices (e.g. SAFe) are an advantagePersonality and Working Practice: strong strategic thinking and problem-solving skills with the ability to balance immediate needs with long-term goals; excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to influence and collaborate at all levels of the organization; strong financial acumen with experience in managing budgets, forecasts and business cases; ability to work in a dynamic environmentLanguages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English

Additional Information

We offer flexible working models: from various part-time options to mobile working and job sharing. Feel free to contact us.

Diversity and inclusion are not just trends for us but are firmly anchored in our corporate culture. Therefore, we welcome all applications, regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Need support during your application?

Nina Sier (Human Resources)

+49 711 811 35323

Need further information about the job?

Andreas Baur (Functional Department)

+49(89)6290-2318