
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120406835

Manufacturing Coordinator International (f/m/div.)



Company Description

At Bosch, we shape the future by inventing high-quality technologies and services that spark enthusiasm and enrich people’s lives. Our promise to our associates is rock-solid: We grow together, we enjoy our work, and we inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

The Bosch Building Technologies is looking forward to your application!

Job Description

This position is planned as an international secondment to the Nelson, UK location as part of Integrator Business Europe.

Responsibility for the strategic development of the future Bosch Building Technologies production site. Development of a cost-optimized medium and long-term location concept. Development of a cost-optimized manufacturing strategy. Support in the preparation of robust product launches. Technical coordination: Active management of volume allocations, investments, requirements and change management as well as steering committees. Definition of lean process standards. Continuous improvement of manufacturing performance, e.g. through cost benchmarking, identification and implementation of best practices. Definition of measures to achieve cost reduction targets. You will work closely with key interfaces, including Purchasing, Logistics, Quality Management and other corporate functions in other divisions. 

Qualifications

Education: Successfully completed degree in Mechanical Engineering, Production Engineering/Management, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain Management, or a comparable qualification. Experience and Expertise: Many years of professional experience in a management position, for example as a location manager, preferably in an international corporate environment. Experience in strategic site development, including the planning and implementation of medium and long-term site concepts. In addition, ability in technical project management, cost optimization and process improvement (e.g. through lean management, benchmarking). Experience in interfacing with key corporate functions such as purchasing, logistics and other business units. Personality and Working Style: Strategic and analytical thinker with excellent communication skills. A strong leadership personality who effectively motivates and guides teams. A team player with a collaborative, cross-departmental working style. Adaptability, flexibility, and an innovative approach to challenges. Languages: Excellent written and spoken German and English skills. 

Additional Information

We offer flexible working models: from various part-time options to mobile working and job sharing. Feel free to contact us.

Diversity and inclusion are not just trends for us but are firmly anchored in our corporate culture. Therefore, we welcome all applications, regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Need support during your application?

Andrea Herzberg (HR)

+49(89)6290-2197