
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120406391

Technical Services Management Assistant - Leased Labor 18 months (m/f/d)



Huawei's Munich Research Center is responsible for advanced technology research, architectural development, design and strategic engineering of our products.

The size of our cloud platform is gaining momentum and it is already planet scale. Huawei Cloud is one of the largest and fastest-growing platforms in the world. It has strong presence with over 40 availability zones located across 4 continents and 23 geographical regions, covering locations such as Germany, Hong Kong, South Africa, or Brazil, among others.

Join us as a

Technical Services Management Assistant - Leased Labor 18 months (m/f/d)

Your mission 

Closely track the technology information in industry and academia community for documentation.

Assist to identify the significant technology trend and the corresponding technology resource.Be responsible for technology insight material maintenance.Assist in project management of the team in terms of project progress monitoring, regular report preparation.Coordinate the cross-team and cross-department collaboration.

Help in logistical arrangements for external technical cooperation events and activities.

Your areas of expertise

Bachelor degree or above in a relevant field, such as international relations, development studies, engineering, or a related technical discipline.

Strong interest in international development, technical cooperation, and knowledge-sharing initiatives.

Excellent ability to understand requirements, manage tasks and solve problems.

Be supportive and proactive to conduct teamwork.

Proficient in using Microsoft Office Suite and online collaboration tools.

Familiarity with project management principles is a plus.

Fluency in English (written and spoken); German or Chinese (Mandarin) is a plus.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills combined with team spirit, intercultural awareness for European and Asian culture and openness for an international working environment.

By applying to this position, you agree with our RECRUITMENT PRIVACY STATEMENT. You can read in full our recruitment privacy statement via the link below.

http://career.huawei.com/reccampportal/portal/hrd/weu_rec_all.html

Your rewards of working here

Our culture is characterized by innovative power and team spirit as well as the intensive exchange of knowledge and experience within our global network.We offer healthy meals ranging from traditional Chinese to western delicacies in our famous company canteen. To keep your development ongoing, you will find a broad range of training opportunities. Many online and face-to-face training programs incl. language courses in German and Mandarin.Our diverse and welcoming environment is shaped by different backgrounds and around 40 individual nationalities.Self-responsible work in a competent, motivated and constantly growing team.

Please send your application and CV (incl. cover letter and reference letters) in English.

Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Driven by a commitment to operations, ongoing innovation, and open collaboration, we have established a competitive ICT portfolio of end-to-end solutions in Telecom and enterprise networks, Devices and Cloud technology and services. Our ICT solutions, products and services are used in more than 170 countries and regions, serving over one-third of the world's population. With 197,000 employees, Huawei is committed to develop the future information society and build a Better Connected World.