
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120707271

Consultant Cloud Computing (w/m/d)



We are looking for you as a Cloud Computing Consultant (f/m/d) for our Risk & Regulatory division as soon as possible.
 This is what awaits youExpertise - trust is the most important currency when it comes to the interaction between cloud providers and their customers. You support leading cloud providers in identifying relevant customer and market requirements and successfully anchoring them in their organization. The focus here is on evaluating organizations, processes and technologies based on recognized criteria and best practices.Innovation - You will contribute to developing sustainable and viable solutions for our customers.Cooperation - Together in an interdisciplinary team, you will act as a sought-after consultant worldwide :in for our international clients and work closely with colleagues from other PwC national companies. What you bring with you You have completed your studies in economics, (business) computer science, (business) engineering or a comparable course of study (soon). You have initial professional experience in the areas of digitalization, IT, cloud computing, information security (e.g. ISO 27001), project management or process management, which you were able to collect through internships or professional training. You are enthusiastic about topics related to information security, governance and Compliance, cloud services (SaaS, PaaS, IaaS) as well as identifying and assessing cloud-related risks. Very good written and spoken German and English skills round off your profile. You are motivated to develop your skills in this area and with to acquire relevant certifications with our support (e.g. AWS Cloud Practitioner, Azure Fundamentals, CISA, CISM, CCSK, CISSP etc.). We attach great importance to potential, mindset, commitment and the will to be to develop further. If you don't have all your profile points yet, but are ready to take on this as a new challenge together with us, we still look forward to receiving your application! Your benefits Flexibility – with us you can determine your working hours and place of work yourself - in coordination with company requirements and labor law regulations. There are no core working hours and you have the opportunity to work from home and in over 40 countries. Master's funding - You will continually develop through our internal academy, international experience through secondments and continuous mentoring. We also offer the possibility of master's funding for examination masters and specialization masters.
Leisure time – Thanks to a part-time block model, you can also take breaks lasting several months in the form of a sabbatical. In addition, you can collect overtime at PwC Germany in a personal annual working hours account. You can compensate for your overtime with free time over the course of the year. Remaining overtime is paid once a year.
Health – Your health is important to us: In addition to our own company health insurance, we also offer preventive examinations and sports activities. Take part in our free company sports program or benefit from discounted fees in various fitness studios or an Urban Sports Club membership. That's not all - we want to create a positive working environment: an environment in which flexible and creative work is possible, in which work is recognized and performance is rewarded and that we are proud of. You can find all benefits on our careers page.  At PwC Germany we work to solve critical challenges, create sustainable results and build trust in the economy and society. As part of our Technology & Process Risk Team (TPR for short), you will support our clients in various industrial sectors in efficiently reviewing and advising on the secure transformation of processes and IT. In our projects, you will deal with other exciting topics such as consulting and introducing new ERP & GRC software as well as developing use cases for the responsible use of new technologies, such as cloud services or artificial intelligence. Contact Do you have any questions about this position or your application? Please contact Theresa Volders on +49 1515 4092298.