
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120397969

Mandatory Internship: Intelligent Methods for Adaptive Tool Path Planning in Industrial Robot-based Manufacturing



Mode of Employment: Limited; Full time

Your Extra Treasure Of Experience.

Our interns drive and move projects - from the very first minute: You are part of our team that deals with the most important topics of the current time. What will the world of electrification, automation and digitization look like in the future? What we can achieve together? For example, by turning the tried and tested on its head and looking for better solutions. In our group, which is well connected globally, you have even more advantages. Why are you still hesitating? We offer you the chance - walk the path into the future together with us!

What part will you play?

Our R&D department works on innovations and technologies for the future of advanced manufacturing and circularity on an industrial scale.

In your job you support our team in the development of digital solutions in the field of advanced manufacturingFirst, you learn how to deal with digital twins of state-of-the-art robot-based manufacturing system and industrial software suites by SiemensYou support us in researching and developing a scalable software solution to adapt robot tool paths using innovative geometrical methodsYou create a user interface to increase explainability and acceptance of your solution for machine operators

Use Your Skills To Move The World Forward.

You are currently enrolled in a bachelor's or master’s degree like mechanical engineering, robotics, mechatronics, or computer science and have to conduct a mandatory internship of at least 12 weeks according to your study regulationsYou have experience in programming and are familiar with Python as well as frontend tools such as react or vue.jsIdeally, you have already gained experience in point cloud processing, manufacturing technologies such as Additive Manufacturing or Machining as well as with CAD/CAM softwareExperience in Docker and Git is a big plusYou enjoy practical, goal-oriented work and are characterized by a structured and independent way of workingYou are willing to cooperate in cross-functional and international teamsVery good written and oral English skills are required, German skills would be an asset.

Make your mark in our exciting world at Siemens.

www.siemens.de

if you wish to find out more about Siemens before applying.

Do you have questions about the application? Here you will find answers to frequently asked questions.

If you have more questions please contact: www.siemens.de/fragenzurbewerbung

www.siemens.com/careers

if you would like to find out more about jobs & careers at Siemens.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.

#sagintern