
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120420350

Solutions Engineer



Following the rapidly continued growth of our customer base, Darktrace are looking to add to our team of Cyber Technologists (Sales Engineers). These fast-paced, technical and customer facing roles support our sales teams in ensuring customer needs are met.
You will use your expertise to provide technical pre-sales and post-sales support, partnering with Account Executives and Customer Success Managers to drive revenue growth and further the adoption of our products. These roles offer accelerated career development and numerous opportunities for personal advancement. You’ll be provided with extensive training and support and you build upon your existing skills in this role.
More about the role:You’ll be the go-to technical point of contact between clients, partners and internal teams here at Darktrace, providing your passion and expertise on our cutting edge cyber security solutions to become a trusted advisor to our clients. Your technical excellence will be highly valued as you meet client and internal team needs, ultimately leading to increased revenue and client satisfaction.
Day to day you’ll be:Working alongside the sales teams in meeting with clients regularly through the full end-to-end sales processes, being accountable for the delivery of POV (Proof of Value) engagements.Presenting Threat Intelligence Reports and advice to a variety of audiences, from technical teams to C-level Executives.Designing and building custom client integrations and defining solution architectures.
What we are looking for:We welcome applications from candidates that come from a technical background with existing sales engineer experience in pre-sales/post-sales engagements. Ideally you’ll have an avid interest in cybersecurity with a strong knowledge of network and security devices/systems (e.g. Cisco, Juniper, Firewalls, IDA, IPS, SIEM as well as knowledge of TCP/IP and common networking protocols). You’ll also likely have:
Excellent interpersonal skills (written and verbally) and the ability to share complex technical information in a compelling way.The ability to work as part of a team in an innovative and fast-paced environment while delivering to deadlines.The ability to build long lasting business relationships.Fluency in English and German.