
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120412336

Production Coordinator International (f/m/div.)



Company description

At Bosch, we shape the future with high-quality technologies and services that inspire excitement and improve people's lives. Our promise to our employees is rock solid: We grow together, enjoy our work and inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

Bosch Security Systems GmbH looks forward to your application!

Job description

This position is planned as an international assignment to the Nelson, UK location as part of Integrator Business Europe.

Responsibility for the strategic development of the future Bosch Building Technologies production site. Development of a cost-optimized medium and long-term location concept. Development of a cost-optimized manufacturing strategy. Assist in preparing robust product launches. Technical Coordination: Active management of volume allocations, investments, requirements and change management, and steering committees. Definition of lean process standards. Continuous improvement of manufacturing performance, e.g. B. through cost benchmarking, identifying and introducing best practices. Definition of measures to achieve cost reduction goals. You work with important interfaces in a trusting manner, including: Purchasing, logistics, quality management and other corporate functions from other business areas. 

Qualifications

Education: Successfully completed studies in the field of mechanical engineering, production technology/management, industrial engineering, industrial engineering, supply chain management or a comparable qualification. Experience and know-how: Many years of professional experience in a managerial position, for example as a location manager, ideally in an international corporate environment. Experience in strategic location development, including the planning and implementation of medium and long-term location concepts. Additionally, ability in technical project management, cost optimization and process improvement (e.g. through lean management, benchmarking). Experience in interface work with important corporate functions such as purchasing, logistics and other business areas. Personality and way of working: Strategic and analytical thinking as well as excellent communication skills. A strong leader who motivates and leads teams effectively. Teamwork and cross-departmental cooperative working style. Adaptability, flexibility and innovative approach. Languages: Very good knowledge of German and English, both spoken and written. 

Additional Information

We offer flexible working models: from various part-time options to mobile working and job sharing. Please feel free to contact us about this.

For us, diversity and inclusion are not trends, but rather firmly anchored in our corporate culture. We therefore welcome all applications: regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Do you have any questions about the application process?

Andrea Herzberg (Human Resources Department)

+49(89)6290-2197