
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120410613

Project planner (f/m/various) for large projects



Company description

At Bosch, we shape the future with high-quality technologies and services that inspire excitement and improve people's lives. Our promise to our employees is rock solid: We grow together, enjoy our work and inspire each other. Welcome to Bosch.

Work in the Bosch Building Technologies division: Bosch Security Systems GmbH (contractual legal entity) looks forward to your application.

Job description

As an essential part of the execution team, you support the project manager and the construction managers in project implementation. You independently create factory/assembly plans, project planning, solution concepts and specifications, especially for the cost group (KGR) 450 with a focus on electro-acoustic systems and voice alarm systems (ELA and SAA) and security trades with a focus on EMA, BMA, video and Zuko. You work on concepts independently, taking current standards and guidelines into account (e.g. DIN 14675, VDS, VDE...). You create interface lists to differentiate services from other trades. You identify technical risks and develop proposed solutions and claim potential. You identify and evaluate subcontractor and supplier offers in collaboration with purchasing. You use CAD systems (e.g. Autocad; Microstation) for your work and are interested in the topic of BIM. 

Qualifications

Education: You are a construction manager, master craftsman or technician or have a university degree in electronics, communications engineering or a comparable qualification. Personality and way of working: You are communicative, take initiative, independent, a team player and are self-confident and skilled at negotiating. You also have good conceptual and analytical skillsExperience and know-how: You have experience in the planning / project planning / execution of projects in cost group 450, ideally with qualifications in accordance with DIN 14675. You also have knowledge of the networking of building technology trades and have Knowledge of standards and guidelines (DIN 14675, HOAI, VDE, VDS, MLAR etc.). A confident use of AutoCAD and good knowledge of Excel round off your profile. Qualifications: Driving license class B. Enthusiasm: Willingness to travel to southern and eastern Germany. Languages: Very good knowledge of German and good knowledge of English. 

Additional Information

We offer great options for remote working as well as various part-time models including job sharing. Please feel free to contact us about this.

You also have the option of choosing a company car, which is also available for private use.

For us, diversity and inclusion are not trends, but rather firmly anchored in our corporate culture. We therefore welcome all applications: regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Do you have any questions about the application process?

Viet Tan Nguyen (Human Resources)

+49 89 6290 2193

Do you have technical questions about the job?

Frank Grützmann (specialist department)

+49 89 6290 1877