
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120802449

Project Manager (w/m/d) Site Installation of Converter Stations



If you really want to make a difference – make it with us

Siemens Mobility is a separately managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading supplier in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and related services. We have always been very innovative in making traveling faster, safer and more comfortable. Today, we need new solutions to new challenges such as climate change and rising populations worldwide. That's what drives us. That's why we shape mobility with passion, always being one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures smart and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 39,800 employees are pioneers in mobility who help to keep the world moving.

What do you contribute? 

As a Project Manager (f/m/d) for the on-site installation of converter stations, you will be responsible for managing the development and implementation of installation concepts and carrying out installation work in our rail electrification projects. You will ensure that these are carried out within the agreed time, budget and to the required quality in accordance with the contractual requirements.

You will support the sales department in the implementation of country strategies, the development of optimized installation concepts and the qualification of installation partners and subcontractors.You will manage the entire process of tendering and awarding planning, construction supervision and construction services, ensure transparency and promote the use of state-of-the-art methods such as “design to value engineering”.You will actively influence the construction process, improve technical documentation and optimize execution concepts in the long term.You will be responsible for technical requirements management in the tendering process and coordinate the interfaces between various technical and non-technical partners, including opportunity and risk management.You will take on the management and control of construction projects and monitor compliance with time, cost and quality targets on site.Your tasks will include monitoring construction progress, checking construction site documentation and providing expert support in contract and supplementary management. You will report to relevant stakeholders and ensure acceptance of the work.You will actively drive the development of a global network of experts and promote the introduction of the developed methods within Siemens Mobility by sharing experiences and best practices.

What do you bring along? 

You have a university degree (diploma or master's degree) in electrical engineering or a comparable engineering field with electrical engineering content.You have many years of professional experience in planning and awarding installation services as well as in construction and/or technical project management, ideally in the areas of traction power supply, power generation or power transmission.You have experience in the procurement and qualification of subcontractors as well as in tendering and have in-depth knowledge of Siemens or comparable railroad electrification products and systems.Ideally, you have intercultural experience gained through assignments abroad and a willingness to travel worldwide (up to 30%).You communicate confidently in German and English (business fluent), other language skills are an advantage.

What do we offer you? 

Purpose

We are pioneers in mobility. At Siemens Mobility, you will actively contribute to the transformation of transportation and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transportation solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

Career growth

We offer comprehensive training opportunities for your professional and personal development. With our Learning Campus, we have an in-house service provider with a wide range of online and offline training courses.

Inclusion & Diversity

At Siemens Mobility, we're committed to fighting injustice and inequality. At our company, you will find an environment where you can be yourself and belong.

You Can Find An Overview Of Our Benefits Here.

How do you get in touch with us? 

www.siemens.de/mobility

if you would like to find out more about Siemens Mobility before applying.

www.siemens.com/global/en/company/jobs/faq.html

if you would like to obtain more information about the application process.

+49 (9131) 17 5243-0

if you would like to clarify further questions about the position via our applicant hotline.

www.siemens.com/mobility-jobs

if you would like more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.

The contact person handling this job ad is Mr. Philip Petendorf.