
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120005186

IT Specialist PRADA (m/f/d) Central Europe



DETAILS 
We are looking for an IT Specialist (m/f/d) for our Head Office in Munich. As an IT Specialist, you will Support the management of the IT department and maintenance of the IT infrastructure in the Area Central Europe (DE, AT, CZ, NL).
At PRADA, we are renowned for our unwavering commitment to luxury, style, and innovation. As one of the global leaders in the fashion industry, we are dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences to our esteemed clientele.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Participation in the planning of IT projects in cooperation with the different departments and support them in the collection and qualification of demands for evolution and new requirementsSupport for IT requests in the head office of the Area Central Europe as well as control of the IT ticketing system.Support for IT hardware and custom software.Administration and monitoring of hardware, software and peripherals.Technical support for various software applications and hardware systems.Installation, troubleshooting and operation of PCs, peripherals and mobile devices in the stores and head office.Ensuring compliance with group guidelines for all IT systems.Creating documentation and conducting user training.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS
Completed training as an IT specialist (m/f/d) or studies in IT management, computer science or information management.Preferably experience gained from a retail organization.Contact skills, communication skills (German and English) and the ability to train users.Proficient in stakeholder management and ability rationalize needs to shape demands.Experience with remote analysis and troubleshooting.Profound knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and XStore.Extensive expertise in hardware and the operation of clients in network environments.Reliable, independent and systematic way of working, and ability to prioritize activities.Willingness to travel and flexibility.Basic knowledge of SAP (end-user support) is desirable.

WHY PRADA
At PRADA, we offer more than just a job – we provide a platform for you to flourish and make a mark in the dynamic world of luxury retail. PRADA embodies a place where passion meets fashion, and together, we will shape the future of luxury fashion and retail.Here are just a few reasons why joining our team is a step toward a fulfilling and successful career:

Attractive employee discounts on PRADA Group Brands.Welcoming teams with a can-do attitude and a passion for driving ideas forward.Office located in the heart of Munich.30 Days Annual Vacation (in a full-time role)Referral bonus program.Opportunities for professional development through language and training courses.

If you are a strategic and motivated individual with a passion for the luxury fashion sector, we invite you to apply for the position of IT Specialist (m/f/d). Join our team and be part of a brand that embodies style, innovation, and excellence in the luxury retail industry. Please submit your updated resume outlining your relevant experience. We look forward to hearing from you!