
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4120423552

Intern, Product Experience Autonomous Driving (m/f/x)



About NIO Inc. NIO Inc. is a pioneer and a leading manufacturer of premium smart electric vehicles origin in China, with a global footprint in development and markets. Founded in November 2014, NIO’s mission is to shape a joyful lifestyle. NIO aims to build a community starting with smart electric vehicles to share the joy and grow together with users. NIO designs, develops, jointly manufactures, and sells smart premium electric vehicles, driving innovations in next-generation technologies like autonomous driving, digital technologies, electric powertrains, and batteries. NIO differentiates itself through its continuous technological breakthroughs and innovations, such as its industry-leading battery swapping technologies, Battery as a Service (BaaS), its proprietary autonomous driving technologies, and Autonomous Driving as a Service (ADaaS).
For our Team in Munich we are looking for a
Internship- Product Experience Autonomous Driving (m/f/x)
About Product Experience Management EuropeWe're the voice of European users in a global portfolio of smart EVs. We're working as user-centric product managers for Vehicle, Autonomous Driving, NOMI (In-Car Voice Assistant and AI), Infotainment, and Smart Hardware. In addition, we also combine User Research and Interaction design to deliver solutions beyond expectations. From ideating or realizing user wishes, to creating and aligning requirements until testing the final solution, we own the process of delivering vehicles and features. Our open culture of an international team creates a diverse perspective on our products.
Responsibilities:You will support the team in definition and acceptance of automated driving featuresHelp gather customers' voices, interpret the pain points and push driver assistance solutions for our usersSupport the AD team in coordinating workshops and describing ADAS/ AD-related EU documentationsCooperate with worldwide departments in different locations (Oxford, Shanghai, Berlin, etc.) to push for the best experience in the driver assistance domain
Qualifications:You are studying or you have already completed your studies in one of the following fields: e.g. product management, business administration, engineering, IT, or a comparable studyAffinity to advanced driver assistance system (work experiences is a plus)Ability to communicate clearly and structured way of workingOral and written communication skills in English (multi-language is a plus)EU driving license is a plus
This isn’t just another job. It’s an opportunity to join a movement to change the mobility experience for everyone. If you find that as exciting as we do, come join us!To apply for this role please send your CV (in English)
We look forward to hearing from you!


NIO as a Global User Enterprise has organized its business globally. Depending on the job you are applying for, it may be necessary to involve hiring managers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), that are engaged at another NIO group company, such as NIO Co., Ltd located in Shanghai, China or NIO USA Inc, Palo Alto, USA. If data is processed in countries outside the EEA, NIO uses standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission, with appropriate technical and organizational measures, to ensure that your personal data is processed in accordance with European data protection standards. The location of this job is at NIO Deutschland GmbH, c/o NIO GmbH, Montgelasstraße 14, 81679 Munich.