
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121190510

Makerspace Expert/-in Prototyping (m/w/d)



As one of the largest universities for applied sciences in Germany, we are dedicated to a comprehensive range of topics from business, technology, social and design, in a holistic and interdisciplinary manner. We see our challenge and obligation in actively shaping the future through teaching, research and transfer. Collaboration in partnership with business and society is of central importance to us.

The Strascheg Center for Entrepreneurship GmbH (SCE) - supported by the Falk F. Strascheg Foundation - is an official affiliated institute of the university and has the goal of improving teaching and research on entrepreneurship and thus promoting entrepreneurial thinking and action.

As part of the BMBF initiative “StartUpLab@FH”, we are working with the Strascheg Center for Entrepreneurship (SCE) to fill a position as soon as possible

Makerspace Expert Prototyping (m/f/d)

Code number: SI-05-24

part-time with 20.05 hours/week

Your tasks

Developing support for users and aspiring start-ups in the realization of prototypes. Networking of makerspace users and instructions for experimenting with new technologies. Advice and training for users in existing manufacturing techniques. Support, optimization and maintenance of the equipment park

Your profile

Completed university studies at bachelor's level, ideally supplemented by training in the technical field. Experience in classic manufacturing and rapid prototyping techniques. Enthusiastic about innovative ideas. Open-minded and team-oriented. Willingness to work hours that are student-friendly

We offer

A fixed-term employment contract until July 31, 2025. Remuneration in pay group 11 TV-L Compatibility of work and private life through flexible working and home office (up to 60%) Further training opportunities and learning opportunities to support your professional and personal (further) qualification Numerous discounts from external partners as well Various team eventsHealth promotion through preventative care, advice and sports offersA modern, equipped workplace in a central and convenient location in Munich as well as free use of our underground car park, social benefits in accordance with public service regulations including additional pension provision

We look forward to getting to know you!

The structure of the employment relationship is based on the provisions of the collective agreement for the public service of the federal states (TV-L). Please inform yourself e.g. B. at https://www.lff.bayern.de/themen/arbeiter/entgelttablen about the TV-L pay table.

In principle, it is possible to contribute a different part-time share.

Applicants with severe disabilities will be given priority if they otherwise have essentially the same suitability, ability and professional performance.

If you have any questions about the application process, please contact us: 089 1265-4846

If you have any technical questions, Mr. Martin Laarmann will be happy to help you: 089 1265-3242

Apply using our online portal at https:// https:// positions.hm.edu/znptw until January 23, 2025.