
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121176846

Principal Product Manager



Join the leader in entertainment innovation and help us design the future. At Dolby, science meets art, and high tech means more than computer code. As a member of the Dolby team, you’ll see and hear the results of your work everywhere, from movie theaters to smartphones. We continue to revolutionize how people create, deliver, and enjoy entertainment worldwide. To do that, we need the absolute best talent. We’re big enough to give you all the resources you need, and small enough so you can make a real difference and earn recognition for your work. We offer a collegial culture, challenging projects, and excellent compensation and benefits, not to mention a Flex Work approach that is truly flexible to support where, when, and how you do your best work.

Dolby’s consumer entertainment and cinema businesses are bringing Dolby’s breakthrough technologies, powering the world’s top movies, TV shows, music, games, and live sports to more places around the world across a wider range of consumer experiences and devices.

Dolby is looking for an individual to take responsibility for growing our Managed Set-Top Box (STB), Integrated Set-Top Box Soundbar (ISS) and Streaming Media Player (SMP) device businesses as well as our Soundbar (SB) and Audio Video Receiver (AVR) businesses.

Responsibilities:

 Own the success of the Dolby STB, ISS, SMP, SB, and AVR businesses, enabling compelling experiences in Dolby Atmos, Dolby Audio and Dolby Vision, and driving adoption of Dolby solutions in operator devices. Develop segmented market views for the Set-Top Box, Streaming Media Player, Soundbar and AVR devices. Within that segmented view, identify unmet needs and pain-points in the market that can be addressed by Dolby. Stay abreast of relevant industry and consumer trends. Derive insights that are relevant for the STB, Streaming Media Player, and Premium Audio businesses. Develop, articulate and refine value propositions for Dolby licensees, their consumers and other key stakeholders. Position our offerings in the market with respect to each other and with respect to that from others. Develop and implement Go-to-Market (GTM). This involves identifying the right sequencing of activities and helping the broader organization understand and execute the GTM strategy. Identify goals for GTM communications. Define Dolby’s product offering for STB, ISS, SMP, SB and AVR devices Define and own the device pricing strategy. Develop a framework for selecting and prioritizing customers. Create a list of key GTM customers and partners. Support Commercial Partnerships (sales) to effectively manage the customer pipeline. Identify and drive creation of the tools needed to enable the sales team. Ensure tools clearly and effectively represent the Dolby brand and our value propositions. Monitor the effectiveness of all the above GTM strategy elements and adjust course as necessary.

 Requirements:

 Deep knowledge of the global PayTV and Premium Audio industries. Proven experience with STB and Streaming Media Player devices as well Premium Audio devices. Has successfully taken multiple products or services to market. Has product marketing DNA. Ability to handle complexity and simplify it for others. Product management experience. 5+ years of relevant experience. BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or similar field of study.

Key Personal Attributes for Success in this role: 

 Mindset of ownership (aka Gets Things Done): A track record of accomplishing measurable and identifiable results. Thought leadership and clarity in thinking. Ability to set and communicate a vision for their domain of responsibility (key areas being value propositions, product positioning and go to market). Exhibits empathy for others – team-members, colleagues, customers, partners, consumers and the end-user. Sets high standards for themselves and for others. Ability to collaboratively work with individuals throughout the company. Strong written and verbal communication skills.

]]>