
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121352912

Global Product Manager



Global Product Manager – Rotating Indexable (Flexible location)

Sandvik Coromant is recruiting for a Global Product within the Product area Rotating Indexable Products. We are seeking a well-balanced individual to join the existing Product Management team, working to enhance and develop our offer. The location is flexible, as we are looking for an appropriate balance between key markets and Sandviken.

By joining the Product Management team for Rotating Indexable Products

You work in a distributed team with a broad organizational understanding where cross-functional collaboration is the key to success. You set the strategic direction for Rotating indexable products, describe how it will be reached and take the decisions needed to realize it. Our culture of creative and visionary dialogues and our capability to develop solid business cases, based on deep customer and market understanding, strongly contributes to customer and Sandvik Coromant success.

Purpose And Responsibilities

Being ultimately accountable for the product’s commercial success, your main purpose is to improve overall sales and business growth, secure an attractive customer offer in line with company objectives as well as orchestrate the offer throughout its life cycle.

Furthermore, your detailed responsibilities are to:

Define the Why, the What and the When for the offer Set the business vision, product strategy, product roadmap and the product plan in accordance with the Product Portfolio Management process Direct the offer and coordinate needed actions in line with product area strategy and tactics to secure expected business results Set product initiatives and new product development projects Secure key user needs and that pain points are clear and considered in the work developing and optimizing the offer Develop and communicate customer value propositions for the offer Anchor product initiatives and project charters with key stakeholders to secure efficient execution Size and optimize assortment considering total cost of ownership Identify new business opportunities, strategic partnerships and take, make or buy decisions Investigate possible cost reductions, efficiencies and performance improvements 

What We Need From You

Together with your product management colleagues, each one of you brings experience from different areas of business such as Sales, Supply, Pricing, Marketing or R&D. In-depth expertise of Rotating Indexable products and an understanding of data analysis, trade-off management, roadmap development, and our organization’s Expanded offer are also requirements of which some of you are to fulfill.

You’re preferably financial savvy with business acumen – lining your work in a functional and process-oriented manner where decisions are made of the highest quality and certainty. By prioritizing strategic leadership, you challenge the status quo in all areas of business.

Our culture

Innovation is in our DNA and we are proud to shape the future of manufacturing in close collaboration with our customers and partners. We believe in an inclusive, equal and open-minded culture, and we nurture our diversities to form a solid foundation for achieving great results. Add fair and rewarding benefits, as well as many different career options. Are you intrigued? Visit our website, LinkedIn or Facebook page to get to know us further. 

How To Apply

Send your application no later than January 27, 2024. Apply in Workday or use the Job Opportunities section on the intranet (Job ID: R0073686). This job is aimed at those currently working within the Sandvik Group.

Contact information

For more information about the recruitment process, please contact our project member Praskovia Sheremeteva Praskovia.Sheremeteva@sandvik.com  

Sandvik Coromant is part of the global industrial engineering group Sandvik and is at the forefront of developing manufacturing tools and machining solutions, with knowledge that drives the industry standards and innovations demanded by the metalworking industry now and in the next industrial era. Collaborations with educational institutions, extensive investment in research and development and strong customer partnership ensure the development of machining technologies that change, lead and drive the future of manufacturing. Sandvik Coromant owns over 1700 patents worldwide, employs around 7700 staff, and is represented in more than 150 countries.