
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121212567

Project Manager in Customer Solutions and Account Management (m/f/d)



The Chief Customer Officer (CCO) pillar, jointly with the CEO and in close collaboration with the executive management team, drives the development of the new business for Allianz Services by leading a global sales organization. The CCO pillar also steers AZ Consulting’s efforts to enable the AZ Group’s Operating Entities to achieve their strategic ambitions. In addition, the CCO pillar plays a key role in shaping the strategic direction of AZ Services by developing and sharpening of the value proposition in driving the impact of AZ Services on the future competitive capabilities of the AZ Group. The Customer Solutions & Account Management (CSAM) team works very closely with the Chief Customer Officer to achieve these goals.

What You Do

As a Senior / Principal Project Manager within the Customer Solutions & Account Management (CSAM) team you will be entrusted with a combination of driving strategic projects and running important analytical and reporting tasks:

Independently lead relevant strategic projects with different levels of complexity and exposure to senior management.Drive the annual account management cycle and steer the planning of strategic priority accounts.Run customer and portfolio analytics as well as prepare relevant management reporting.Support in preparing client pitches and realization of strategic business opportunities.Contribute to continuous quality, efficiency and effectiveness improvements of CSAM’s departmental processes.

What You Bring

University degree or comparable professional experience in Business Administration, Finance, Economics or related field.Minimum 3 years of international project / portfolio management and/or consulting experience preferably in the sales or business development area, financial services or shared services sector.Strong analytical skills and ability to quickly grasp new, complex topics; high attention to detail.Affinity to work with large data sets combined with ability to present analysis results in a clear and concise manner.Convincing communication and presentation skills to a broad range of audiences and seniority levels.Strong team player with an ability to independently and reliably drive initiatives forward.Enthusiasm to work in a diverse and international environment across locations and functions.Fluent in written and spoken English.Proven PowerPoint and Excel skills.

What We Offer

We offer a hybrid work model which recognizes the value of striking a balance between in-person collaboration and remote working incl. up to 25 days per year working from abroad.We believe in rewarding performance and our compensation and benefits package includes a company bonus scheme, pension, employee shares program and multiple employee discounts (details vary by location).From career development and digital learning programs to international career mobility, we offer lifelong learning for our employees worldwide and an environment where innovation, delivery and empowerment are fostered.Flexible working, health and wellbeing offers (including healthcare and parental leave benefits) support to balance family and career and help our people return from career breaks with experience that nothing else can teach.

We highly welcome candidates with a genuine interest and affinity for Information Technology (IT) and Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI), as these attributes are considered valuable asset s to our team.

Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.

We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in.

We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.

Join us. Let's care for tomorrow.