
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121108124

Testingenieur Automotive (m/w/d)



At FERCHAU, we connect people and technologies by bringing together smart, ambitious minds with the needs of our customers. Do you want to take technologies to the next level? Would you like to develop sustainable and relevant solutions for the future in challenging IT and engineering projects? Then start the next career level with us!  
Your area of ​​responsibility
 Definition and creation of test specifications for mechanical, electronic and mechatronic products and systems
 Development of test sequences for automated test systems
 Carrying out development-related tests, from component tests to vehicle integration
 Carrying out design and product validations
 Planning, implementation and evaluation of functional and climatic tests as well as service life and acoustic tests
 Creation of test reports, detailed error analysis and root cause analysis
 Support in setting up and commissioning test benches and test systems
 Participation in the further development and standardization of testing equipment and testing methods

Your advantages with us
 Employment in a permanent employment relationship with above-standard benefits
 Flexible working hours through flextime arrangements and the possibility of mobile working
 Targeted promotion of your subject-specific and personal skills
 Networking and simply having fun at team events, Christmas parties or summer festivals
 Reward program for recommending new colleagues: €1000 net is waiting for you for your holiday fund!
 Use your working time account for additional days off or have your overtime paid out!
 As an employee, enjoy exclusive offers from our partner Corporate Benefits and save up to 80% on top brands!
 Benefit from our national Ferchau network and an exciting range of tasks!  
Convince us with your qualifications
 Completed studies in mechatronics, mechanical engineering, automotive technology or a comparable field
 Ideally experience with functional, service life and environmental tests in the automotive sector
 Advantageous: ISTQB® Certified Tester Foundation Level
 Knowledge of Automotive SPICE and ISO 26262 (Functional Safety) is an advantage
 Experience with requirements management software (e.g. DOORS, CodeBeamer) is desirable
 High level of initiative and a conscientious and systematic way of working
 Very good knowledge of German and English  
Does that sound like a perfect fit for you? Then apply to us - please contact Ms. Hanife Aytekin online using the reference number LI38-73528-M. You can find out everything about our application process on our website in the applicants area. We look forward to seeing you!