
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121168730

Solution Owner / Product Management- HVDC (m/w/d)



Job Description Summary

Become part of a winning team and help to deliver the Green Energy transition

Job Description

The Solution Owner is accountable for the competitiveness of the reference solution, the KPIs inked with the role are cost, time to execute this reference solution against market benchmark.

The Solution Owner leads action plans, involving engineering teams, sourcing and procurement teams and operation teams to bring commercially and operationally quantifiable benefits to the specific solution.

A reference solution’ is a baselined design which encompasses the best practices from previous projects. The solution encompasses all elements of a converter station; strategic, technical and commercial.

The ‘solution’ is not a prescriptive ‘one size only’ design but, rather, emphasises on selling and then building an overall solution that provides the lowest risk by focusing on known business abilities whilst both minimising and managing that which is new.

The solution encompasses the entire life cycle of a converter station from pre-tender to refurbishment/decommissioning.

The Solution Owner will be expected to actively engage with external activities (Cigre, IEC, conferences, etc.) in order to promote GE and its capabilities aligned with the business unit.

Roles And Responsibilities

Strategic: 

Technical solution definition based on customer needs analysisMonitor market expectations and competition actions/innovationsUnderstand GE IP portfolio related to the solution and freedom to operateRecommend major R&D investments as necessary to follow market divergenceTechnical gap management (make or buy)R&D requirements definition to maintain and/or develop the solution+ CI 

Technical

Chair technical change management reviewsDrive co-ordination between business functionsProduct care liaison 

Commercial

Cost review and challenge scope definition between GE and partnersProgramme review and challenge 

Personnel

Build market-place visibility through external engagement

Qualifications/Requirements

Master’s degree or equivalent experience in Engineering or Science subjectMinimum of 10 years in HVDC electrical transmission or related industriesStrong communication skillsExcellent organisation and leadership skills

Desired Characteristic

Process driven and focus on attention to detailAccurate planning and drive to achieve on time deliveryBe able to work both independently and as part of a teamDesire to challenge the way we work and seek improvements

The North Europe Grid System Integration (GSI) team delivers a wide range of turnkey high voltage AC and DC transmission projects to its Customers in the UK, Ireland, and Scandinavia.

Grid Solutions, a GE Vernova business, serves customers globally with over 20,000 employees. We provide power utilities and industries worldwide with equipment, systems and services to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to end power consumers. Grid Solutions is focused on addressing the challenges of the energy transition by enabling the safe and reliable connection of renewable and distributed energy resources to the grid. We electrify the world with advanced grid technologies and accelerate the energy transition.

About GE Grid Solutions

At GE Grid Solutions we are electrifying the world with advanced grid technologies. As leaders in the energy space our goal is to accelerate the transition for a more energy efficient grid to full fill the needs of tomorrow. With a focus on growth and sustainability GE Grid Solutions plays a pivotable role in integrating Renewables onto the grid to drive to carbon neutral. In Grid Solutions we help enable the transition for a greener more reliable Grid. GE Grid Solutions has the most advanced and comprehensive product and solutions portfolio within the energy sector.

Why We Come To Work

At GE Renewable Energy, our engineers are always up for the challenge - and we’re always driven to find the best solution. Our projects are unique and interesting, and you’ll need to bring a solution-focused, positive approach to each one to do your best. Surrounded by committed, loyal colleagues, if you can dare to bring your ingenuity and desire to make an impact, you’ll be exposed to game-changing, diverse projects that truly allow you to play your part in the energy transition.

What We Offer

A key role in a dynamic, international working environment with a large degree of flexibility of work agreements

Competitive benefits, and great development opportunities.

Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: No