
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121355863

Data Engineering Working Student/Intern (f/m/d)



Your Mission

Data is at the center of everything we do at Predium and your work will touch every part of the company—from product strategy to creating powerful customer experiences. You will help shape the data models, tooling, data pipelines and interfaces of the “Predium Engine”. You will be joining as an early member of the team that will help Predium build for scale.

Your Responsibilities

You will become an expert in building simulation and sustainability analytics.You will help build both internal and user-facing tools that improve our ability to visualise, analyse, understand, and act on our customers’ ESG performance.You will closely work with our CPO and co-founder on evaluating, developing and showcasing novel data-driven methodologies and use-cases.

Your Profile

You are willing to roll up your sleeves to work with unstructured and inconsistent data.You have good intuition for how numbers in a table map to the real world.You have a passion for translating scientific methods and findings into concrete software requirements and data models.You love to go deep in multiple subject areas and tackle new challenges that cross disciplines.You're excited to join a startup, take responsibility for the fate of the company, and move fast.You are excited about solving climate change and eager to contribute to doing so at high scale.

Bonus Points:

You are in an advanced stage of your studies in computer science, electrical engineering, or a comparable course of study.You have already gained first practical experience in building customer-ready data models and pipelines.You have already gained first practical experience in data-driven management consulting.

Why Predium?

Be a part of our diverse and highly motivated team, and contribute to an outstanding company cultureFlexibility to work from home or our office in the heart of MunichCompetitive compensation and benefit packages: Wellpass membership, free snacks and drinks in our office, and moreState-of-the-art equipment and digital tools for hassle-free workflowsRegular company & team eventsAnd much more ...

About Us

At Predium, we're on a mission to fight climate change by reducing building emissions. We develop cutting-edge solutions for sustainable and profitable real estate management, and are always on the lookout for self-starters who share our passion for making a positive impact.