
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121335598

Pilot Plant Process Engineer - Relocate To Saudi Arabia



Please note that this role is based in Saudi Arabia on a permanent, residential basis.
Job Req ID: 15224
Description: Aramco energizes the world economy.Aramco occupies a unique position in the global energy industry. We are the world's largest producer of hydrocarbons (oil and gas), with the lowest upstream carbon intensity of any major producer.With our significant investment in technology and infrastructure, we strive to maximize the value of the energy we produce for the world along with a commitment to enhance Aramco’s value to society.Headquartered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and with offices around the world, we combine market discipline with a generations’ spanning view of the future, born of our nine decades experience as responsible stewards of the Kingdom’s vast hydrocarbon resources. This responsibility has driven us to deliver significant societal and economic benefits to not just the Kingdom, but also to a vast number of communities, economies, and countries that rely on the vital and reliable energy that we supply.We are one of the most profitable companies in the world, as well as amongst the top five global companies by market capitalization.
Overview
We are seeking a Pilot Plant Process Engineer to join our Research & Analytical Services Department (R&ASD).
R&ASD hosts sophisticated pilot plant facilities which support relevant research, technology and specialized technical services in order to generate value for its stakeholders, increase organization efficiency, promote sustainable outcomes and resolve chronic operational challenges. Its current assets include 15 pilot plants covering separation, refining, petrochemical and sustainability processes. R&ASD is committed to working collaboratively with its customers, building pilot plant assets and finding new ways of developing oil and gas resources, through innovative solutions, technology development and engineering support to corporate operation.
Your primary role is to ensure efficiency, safety, and sustainability of processes of the pilot plants which handle catalytic processes that use hydrocarbons. You will play an important role in designing, implementing, and optimizing processes in the pilot plant center of excellence division, regarding engineering projects and pilot plant design and operation.
Key Responsibilities
As the successful candidate you will be required to perform the following:
Develop and implement experimental plans for catalyst and process testing.Collaborate with stakeholders to develop the design of experiments and design pilot plants.Supervise and ensure the smooth operation of pilot plants, overseeing both the performance of equipment and the test variables.Continuously monitor process parameters and suggest optimizations to achieve target efficiencies and outcomes.Identify and troubleshoot issues in the pilot plants.Record, analyze, and interpret data from catalyst testing and process simulations.Use the data to identify trends, areas for improvement, and validate design assumptions for large-scale deployment.Prepare detailed end-test reports on pilot plants.Ensure that all pilot plant operations are conducted in accordance with health, safety, and environmental regulations.Conduct risk assessments and implement control measures to mitigate operational hazards.
Minimum Requirements
As the successful candidate you will hold a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering or other relevant Engineering degree. An advanced degree is preferred.You will have a minimum of 10 years plant operations or engineering experience, of which at least 5 must have been in an oil refinery, chemical plant, R&D experience, or other relevant hydrocarbon industry facility. Pilot plant operation or design competency is a plus.You must be well versed in current statutory regulations, industry standards, recommended practices and a practical sense in applying such references.You should have experience managing/executing small to medium sized projects.You must have proven ability to work in an unstructured environment to help develop new systems and infrastructure.Should be able to demonstrate an understanding of area classifications and specifications of site equipment.You should have a demonstrated commitment to safety in an operational environment. Hands-on support of operations and technical work teams is also a requirement.
Working environmentOur high-performing employees are drawn by the challenging and rewarding professional, technical and industrial opportunities we offer, and are remunerated accordingly.At Aramco, our people work on truly world-scale projects, supported by investment in capital and technology that is second to none. And because, as a global energy company, we are faced with addressing some of the world’s biggest technical, logistical and environmental challenges, we invest heavily in talent development.We have a proud history of educating and training our workforce over many decades. Employees at all levels are encouraged to improve their sector-specific knowledge and competencies through our workforce development programs – one of the largest in the world.
Country/Region: SA