
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121177866

TECHNICAL CUSTOMER SUPPORT ENGINEER (D/M/W)



Job description

Airbus Protect brings together experts in the areas of cybersecurity, safety and sustainability. We supply specialist knowledge to our own Airbus group, for which we act as a privileged partner, but also to external customers.

With more than 1,600 experienced employees in Germany, France and England, we support large orders from companies such as critical infrastructure, other industrial groups and public institutions. Our positioning and our strategy enable us to meet the highest standards of the market and master the challenges of tomorrow as a team... together with you!

Location

At the Donauwörth location on the banks of the Danube near Augsburg, we support Airbus Helicopters in the development of helicopters from the initial idea to the flyable product. Experience with us how they take off and land at our own test airfield.

Your advantages

Mobile working and flexible working hoursFair and attractive remuneration as well as special payments30 days of vacation and additional days off for special occasionsIntensive training and expert support as part of the onboarding in the form of personalized onboarding with a personal mentorExcellent further training opportunities and promising development prospectsAttractive social benefits and offers, including employer-financed retirement provision , employee stock options, discounted car leasing, bike leasing, special insurance conditions, Employee benefits at cooperating companiesOn-site facilities (depending on location) e.g. canteen and cafeteria, fitness studio, on-site kindergarten, company medical service and other health-related services

This position is part of the Safety Business Unit, whose goal is to enable safer, more sustainable and inclusive industries and transportation systems.

Task description

Processing and recording of technical helicopter incidents and incidents, their analysis and classification Collaboration in the development and implementation of complex technical solutions to fleet-wide issues in collaboration with various stakeholders (development, suppliers, quality assurance, Program Support Office) Technical support for maintaining the airworthiness of helicopters Collaboration on the development of technical optimizations, potential for improvement, taking into account the experience reports from customers and customer centers, processing requests for technical documentation and supporting the Documentation teams in the creation of manuals (such as Aircraft Maintenance Manual, Master Servicing Manual) and service bulletins Collaboration in the assessment and assessment of damage that has occurred and the creation of repair solutions (Repair Design Approval Sheet RDAS) Creation of technical reports for Components/assemblies from investigations at suppliers and customers due to special incidents. Participation in the creation of offers and company presentations. Taking on functional and/or project-related tasks in projects (e.g. technical project planning, topic responsibility) presentation of the work results

Required qualifications and work experience

The work task requires knowledge and skills, which are usually achieved through a relevant, completed degree with a standard period of study of up to 4 years in the field of aerospace technology, engineering, mechanical engineering or comparable courses and related subject-specific additional qualifications. The overall knowledge and experience required may have been acquired in other ways

Required competencies

Knowledge and experience in the above-mentioned areas of responsibilityExperience in customer supportKnowledge and experience in the application of aviation regulationsKnowledge of the general technology, operation and maintenance of helicoptersHigh reactivity, customer orientation and ability to work in a team are essential components of the implementation of the above-mentioned tasksVery good knowledge of German and English (word /Writing) Willingness to travel on business at home and abroad

This activity may require a security clearance or may have to be issued by the relevant authorities.

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company

Airbus Protect GmbH

Contract type

Permanent

Experience level

professional

JobFamily

Customer Eng.&Technical Support&Services

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.

Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com.

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.

#YESPOST