
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121887048

Engineer / technician / master (a) electrical engineering



Engineer / technician / master (a) electrical engineering as project manager or project manager for large and special projects

We love Freiburg because...

...it's pretty colorful. Also as an employer. That's why we look forward to receiving applications from everyone who is passionate about their topic and wants to advance us and our city. People with different origins, gender, gender identity, age, skin color, religion, sexual orientation or disabilities are welcome here. Diversity – that’s what we stand for. And that (a) in the job title. We offer you jobs with security and tasks with meaning. Because no matter whether it is a school, daycare center, town hall, administration or fire department building, museum, tower or community center, and no matter whether it is a historic building or a new building: our 17-person team is responsible for this unbeatable diversity - we design our approximately 500 of our own buildings themselves and make them future-proof. We are looking for two new colleagues in building management in Freiburg for the complex tasks of the energy transition

Engineer / technician / master (a) electrical engineering as project manager or project manager for large and special projects

You tackle this

As a client representative and project manager, you will support the planning and execution of construction and maintenance measures up to a total construction volume of €3 million (project management) or from €3 million (project management of large and special projects).Together with colleagues from the areas of building construction, Supply technology and energy management, you will find the best and most economical solutions for a wide variety of building types and implement them with external planning offices and specialist companies. You are responsible for operating our electrical engineering Attachments. You develop energy-saving and ecological measures and implement them.


This is how you score points 

You have one of the following qualifications: a completed degree in the field of electrical and information technology, electrical energy systems and electromobility/renewable energies or building energy systems in the field of electrical engineering or a comparable degree, completed training as a state-certified technician/master craftsman in the field of electrical engineering, with the willingness for further training as part of our qualification program You have professional experience in electrical building technology planning as a project manager, e.g. in the area of ​​strong and... Low-voltage technology, PV planning or fire protection topics and have independently supervised all service phases 1-9 of the HOAI in projects or large-scale projects. You have professional experience as well as knowledge of project management and control (from planning to the tendering process and construction through to billing ) with.


That's what we offer

two full-time, permanent positions with collectively agreed pay up to pay group 10 TVöD (project management) or up to 11 TVöD (project management of large and special projects) - depending on the personal requirements - with a special annual payment and performance-oriented bonuses - and within the framework of family-friendly working time arrangements Positions can also be filled with two part-time employees. Flexible working hours, the possibility of working from home and a modern workplace in the town hall in Stühlinger with your own Canteen-sized, smaller, old, new, special and unique buildings - together with your team, you will help shape Freiburg! A comprehensive qualification program for technicians (a), such as further training on personal and methodological skills, professional qualifications in the area of ​​procurement law, project management, etc. Attractive employer benefits, such as “Hansefit”, a high subsidy for the job ticket/Germany ticket, an additional retirement pension, extensive training and further education opportunities


Interested? Simply state in your application whether you see yourself more in project management or in project management of large and special projects! Still open questions? Mr. Föhrenbach, 0761/201-2472 will be happy to answer it!

Apply online by January 26, 2025 (code E6775).