
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121166316

Process Engineer (m/f/d)



Job Location

Euskirchen

Job Description

YOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER 

 From its foundation 185 years ago as a soap and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconic, trusted brands that touch 5 billion consumers worldwide and make life a little bit easier in small but meaningful ways.

Our people are our greatest asset: with our philosophy of promotion from within, we place strong emphasis on employee development and are committed to finding and fostering world-class talent. Learn from our inspiring leaders, shape our supportive and welcoming culture, and place your personal development at the core of your work!

With 8 manufacturing sites, 3 European Process & Engineering hubs and the German Innovation Center our sites in Germany are at the center of breakthrough technologies behind our products.

In Germany, we have a strong manufacturing presence with leading brands such as Gillette, Braun, Oral-B, Pampers, Always and Wick. Are you ready to be responsible for a whole production line from end to end? Join us at one of our vibrant locations: Berlin, Crailsheim, Euskirchen (near Cologne/Bonn), Gross-Gerau (near Frankfurt), Kronberg (near Frankfurt), Marktheidenfeld/Altfeld, Walldürn and Worms.

YOUR ROLE 

As a Process Engineer (m/f/d) in our team your exciting tasks include:

Analysis, development and continuous improvement of production processes. Improvement of existing production machines / automation processes. Coach people on problem solving & process improvements. Create standards related to the root cause to eliminate issues permanently. Maintain & create new strategies to improve process reliability. Growing personnel responsibility for the line teams. Execution of product tests. Planning, calculation, and implementation of technical projects. Analysis and comparison of variants for technical development potential. Development and implementation of production machines / systems. Cooperation with machine suppliers. 

Job Qualifications

YOUR PROFILE

You have, or will have completed before starting with us, a bachelor’s, or master’s degree with strong academic results in any technical field (such as Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Automation Technology, Mechatronics, Process Engineering, Plastics Technology, Industrial Engineering), or in a science discipline with strong technical interest. Very good analytical skills and quick comprehension. Extra-curricular activities. Strong communication skills, assertiveness, teamwork, and leadership skills. Initiative, flexibility, and ability to coordinate. Internships and / or a stay abroad. Good knowledge of German (minimum B1/B2) and solid English language skills. 

What We Offer

Cutting-edge technology and tools on impactful innovations. Exciting work and responsibility from Day 1. Competitive Compensation (annual starting salary 64,800€), yearly performance-based compensation reviews and an annual bonus from your first year on. A permanent employment contract in a crisis-resistant market. Wide range of social benefits: flexible & hybrid work arrangements, christmas & vacation bonus, company pension plan, stock purchasing programs, jobticket, campus canteen & services such as fitness center, well-being program etc. Opportunity to engage in our various employee programs: WeBelong Team & New Hire Network activities, GABLE Network & other affinity groups, Inspirational Leadership Events, Sports groups for running & football etc. Collaborate & manage multi-functional teams with international spirit, work with colleagues across regions and all levels. 

APPLICATION

To optimally prepare for our online assessment & interviews, make sure you fully understand our application process.

CV Cover letter (optional) Copy of university diploma and transcript Copy of relevant work, internship and volunteering certificates or reference letters 

Please upload all documents in the "CV/Resume" field. Incomplete applications may lead to delays in the recruitment process. 

AT P&G #WESEEEQUAL 

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. At P&G we strive to build a culture where everyone feels welcome, included, and able to bring their full selves to work. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process. Please click here,  if you require an accommodation during the application process. Please make sure to wait to hear back from us regarding your accommodation before proceeding with the online assessment, we thank you in advance for your patience.  

Job Schedule

Full time

Job Number

R000122698

Job Segmentation

Recent Grads/Entry Level (Job Segmentation)