
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121124394

Solutions Engineer, Mid-Market



Overview

Working at Atlassian

Atlassians can choose where they work – whether in an office, from home, or a combination of the two. That way, Atlassians have more control over supporting their family, personal goals, and other priorities. We can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.

Responsibilities

Partner with direct sales, partners and larger account teams on Fortune 500 customers, tracking the overall customer profile, business problems and complexities, roadmaps, and solution success to optimize the customers within your account team territoryParticipate in customer discovery to understand the customer's current state, what business problems they want to solve, and map back to the Atlassian products, platforms and solutions that will get them where they want to beProbe for and identify additional opportunities for cross-product/solution expansioninvestigate, discover, and assess client pain pointsBe a product expert of Atlassian software in the pre-sales process, articulating and showing the customer the value of the software and how it can change their way of workingHave a broad understanding of full Atlassian product and solution offerings and paint a compelling story of how they work together to unlock the power of teamsLead compelling value-based demonstrations, both standard and customized, flexing across multiple different stakeholder needs, from deep individual product demos to selling the large vision of the whole portfolioUnderstand, lead, and guide the customer's technical needs in the sales process to gain buy-in from the customer on Atlassian being the right decisionProactively forge strong partnerships with aligned account executives, regularly discussing pipeline, current and upcoming opportunities and needs, bi-directional feedback, and ways to improve the selling cycle togetherUnderstand, track and document product feedback and competitive intelligence from customers and advocate for the development internally by documenting and sharing with product managementContinuously learn, develop and refine your pre-sales and product, solution and platform offering knowledge and sales processes and Atlassian products progress


Qualifications

We’re looking for a dynamic team member with a go-getter attitude who will both learn from and teach our passionate and growing organization.

On paper, you have 2+ years of experience interacting with customers in a pre-sales capacity, with excellent communication, strong presentation skills to multi-level audiences, and unmatched agility to do what it takes to get the job done. You’ve got a customer-centric mindset with a proven track record in building executive relationships with customers and rallying the internal teams to collaborate across the company to meet our customer's needs. You are an English speaker (speaking another European language would be a plus).

You’re a creative problem solver who can interpret complex business problems, boil them down into solutions, and collaborate with prospects, partners, and the Atlassian sales team to deliver compelling value-based solutions. You’re equally comfortable in both a business and technical context, interacting with executives or talking shop with strong technical audiences. You love to learn and continuously grow and challenge yourself, are open to giving and receiving feedback, tolerate failure, love to win, hate to lose, and are passionate about making customers and Atlassian successful.

Our Perks & Benefits

Atlassian offers a variety of perks and benefits to support you, your family and to help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include health coverage, paid volunteer days, wellness resources, and so much more. Visit go.atlassian.com/perksandbenefits to learn more.

About Atlassian

At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and our solutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through our tools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations or adjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform our Recruitment team during your conversation with them.

To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh .