
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121869646

System Engineer Sales Energy Technology (f/m/d)



IMPACT starts with us: To ensure that energy and resources can be used optimally, we offer our customers around the world digital energy and automation solutions. This is true teamwork and is only possible thanks to the commitment of all our great employees. We work together every day towards a more sustainable future - perhaps soon together with you? Apply today and become an IMPACT Maker at Schneider Electric!

In this position, you are responsible for providing technical advice and support to engineering and planning offices and supporting them in the development and elaboration of complex energy distribution systems from medium voltage to final distribution.

Your IMPACT:

Technical and sales advice for engineering/planning offices Preparation of tenders and solutions for energy technology projects (including medium and low voltage technology, installation and building system technology) Creation of tender texts and lists of services and development of technical solution proposals Execution of network calculations in the area of ​​low voltage technology Technical support of the target projects from the tender up to the awardImplementation of the sales strategy and budgeting of the projectsInitiation of regional events for Engineering/planning offices and participation in trade fairs. Identification of alternative solutions in close collaboration with other sales teams and other internal stakeholders

Our range:

Look forward to a permanent and varied job where boredom is impossible. We are big, but we have everyone in mind: We find the best development opportunities for you individually. Work with meaning! As a green company with a sense of responsibility and sustainability, you can create a green future with us 

Your profile:

Degree or technician or master in the field of electrical engineering, energy technology or building automationFirst sales experience in the above-mentioned areasExperience in dealing with engineering/planning officesGood knowledge of MS365, CRM tools, Caneco/ETAP or similar network calculation programs or configuratorsCommitted, competent demeanor, reliability, ability to work in a teamFluent knowledge of German and good knowledge of English

Curiosity, inclusion, teamwork: 

No one is flawless and not all career paths are the same. It is important that we have the will to learn and develop. Because we know that a career also means first having to find your strengths. Apply now, even if you don’t (yet) meet all the requirements. We look forward to getting to know you!

Your next step? Apply online of course! 

Please upload your CV including salary expectations, stating job ID 75057.

The contact person for this position is Joshua Nann. If you have any questions about the application process, please contact us via LinkedIn.

Note: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited application documents from recruiters. If Schneider Electric considers a candidate whose profile was sent by recruiters without an existing framework agreement, no claims can be asserted against Schneider Electric.

Find out more:

You can find us on Instagram via @schneiderelectric_karriere so you don't miss any news.

You can find everything about Schneider Electric as an employer here: https://www.se.com/de/de/about-us/careers/overview.jsp

Do you also want to be an IMPACT maker with your career? When you think about joining a new team, culture is crucial. At Schneider Electric, our values ​​and behaviors are the foundation for creating a great culture that supports business success. We believe that our IMPACT values ​​- Inclusion, Mastery, Purpose, Action, Curiosity, Teamwork - start with ourselves.

IMPACT invites you to join Schneider Electric and put our sustainability ambitions into action, regardless of your role. It is an invitation to combine your career with the goal of creating a more resilient, efficient and sustainable world.

We are looking for IMPACT makers - exceptional people who put sustainability ambitions into action at the interface of automation, electrification and digitalization. We celebrate IMPACT makers and believe that everyone has the potential to do so.

Become an IMPACT maker at Schneider Electric - apply today!

€36 billion in sales worldwide

+13% organic growth

150,000+ employees in 100+ countries

#1 in the Global 100 most sustainable companies in the world

You must apply online to be considered for a position with us. This position will remain online until filled.

Schneider Electric strives to be the most inclusive and caring company in the world by providing equal opportunities for everyone, everywhere and ensuring that all employees feel uniquely valued and confident to do their best work. We reflect the diversity of the societies in which we operate and "inclusion" is one of our core values. We believe our differences make us stronger as a company and as individuals, and we are committed to championing inclusivity in everything we do. This also applies to our applicants and is anchored in our recruitment principles.

You can find more information about our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion here and our DEI policy here 

At Schneider Electric, we maintain the highest standards of ethics and compliance, and we believe that trust is a fundamental value. Our Trust Charter is our code of conduct and demonstrates our commitment to ethics, safety, sustainability, quality and cybersecurity. It underpins every aspect of our business and our willingness to behave and act with respect and honesty towards all of our stakeholders. You can find out more about our trust charter here 

Schneider Electric is an equal opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other legally protected characteristic or behavior , in the areas of recruiting, training, transfer and promotion.etc, to all qualified persons without regard to their race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation , hers to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transfer and promotion based on marital status or other legally protected characteristics or behavior.