
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121811661

HCM Solution Engineering Senior Manager



Job Description

Oracle is looking for a dynamic and high performing Sales Consulting Senior Manager to lead a successful team as part of the German SaaS Pre-Sales organisation. We are looking for someone who will thrive on the challenge of working in a fast-moving Cloud Sales environment and who has a passion for innovation and how technology can help businesses succeed.

Fluent German Language Skills Required

The Sales Consulting Senior Manager will be responsible for leading a team of Sales/Solution Consultants, working hand-in-hand with the Sales organisation, to help sell Oracle’s market-leading cloud solutions with focus on HCM. They will work closely with Sales Management stakeholders to support key opportunities and sales campaigns and it is therefore important that the candidate understands Oracle’s strategic offering and how this translates into business outcomes for Oracle’s customers.

The successful candidate will be a strongly motivated individual who will spend time developing and leading their team; they will be customer focused, with a flair for persuasive presentations and engaging workshops; and they will have commercial industry experience allied to functional and business acumen. This is a great opportunity to play a key role in Oracle’s SaaS transformation and helping Oracle’s customers on their journey to the Cloud. There are four main aspects to the role:

Strategic Sales Partnership

Manage a partnership with your key stakeholders to help develop a strategic plan for the industry sectors and key accounts you support and the way you will work together on executing the plan.

Tactical Sales Partnership

Help develop great opportunity strategies and engage the appropriate presales teams to support them. You will run and attend deal clinics and reviews, dry runs and dress rehearsals as well conduct regular business reviews with sales management to ensure alignment on priorities and progress on key deals.

Team Management

Create and sustain an environment where your team is inspired, informed, educated, enabled, recognized and rewarded with the goal of ensuring you have a successful and, above all, a happy team.

Business improvement initiatives

You will also be expected to lead or participate in projects and initiatives to drive innovation and embrace new techniques across the wider team to help solve problems and improve as a business (e.g., industry-specific engagements).

Key Areas of Responsibility

Sales Execution Tasks

 Collaborate with sales management to plan account strategies through participation in regular account reviews; Demonstrate innovative approaches to sales cycles and pipeline development; Balance the required presales investment with the value of each opportunity, challenging when appropriate; Engage appropriate presales team for qualified sales opportunities, including the identification of a presales lead; Drive consistent presale processes, including CRM-based opportunity management, dry-runs and discovery sessions, to ensure superior demos and presentations; Within select sales cycles, build strategic partnerships with key decision makers in customer organisation; Monitor and support the impact of each presales team member throughout each sales cycle; Maintain high-level knowledge of Oracle’s entire solution suite and key competitors; Balance team utilisation, including investment in training & business development, to support the pipeline; Qualification of sales opportunities. Foster industry approach: Collaborate with sales leadership to integrate industry-specific value propositions (within HCM, cross-pillar where applicable), ensuring consistency and alignment with the broader DE GTM strategy. Align demos with industry messaging: Ensure all HCM demos highlight cross-pillar synergies, tailoring the narrative to industry-specific priorities like compliance and workforce engagement. Integrate the 4Rs framework: Apply the 4Rs (Repeatability, Relevance, Responsiveness, and Results) to presales activities, focusing on delivering outcomes that resonate with the strategic objectives of German industries.


Team Development Tasks

 Identify areas of development for each team member and work to define and execute a tailored learning plan; Foster an atmosphere of continuous learning and improvement; Monitor the development activities towards industry and solution learning goals; Provide feedback and coaching after dry-runs, demos and presentations in order to help them hone their skills; Provide formal oral and written feedback during regular performance management reviews; Drive and encourage your team members toward their revenue targets and aim for target quota attainment. Help develop the larger presales organization through leadership of a solution- or industry-focused community of practice which provides enablement and a voice of the field to solution management. Be resourceful & creative - consider how existing solutions can be combined to leverage new sales opportunities. Embrace and adopt innovative approaches and techniques to delivering demonstrations and presentations. Cross-pillar collaboration: Connect HCM SEs to cross-pillar teams to deliver unified, industry-specific value propositions. Operationalize the 4Rs: Drive SE accountability for repeatable, relevant, and results-driven engagements across all activities.


Experience And Qualifications

 Proven track-record of developing and managing teams (ideally in a presales or sales environment); Demonstrable experience of SaaS sales (focus on HCM, ideally cross-pillar) and/or delivery Knowledge of cloud solutions, competitive landscape and business models; Strong interpersonal, communication and collaboration skills Experience in a software and/or consulting environment preferred Educated to Degree level or equivalent Strategic collaboration: Experience aligning with sales and presales teams to deliver GTM strategies Results-oriented execution: Proven ability to drive measurable outcomes through relevant and scalable presales approaches (Bonus) Relevant industry knowledge: Familiarity with priority industries like manufacturing, retail, and financial services


At Oracle, we don’t just respect differences—we celebrate them. We believe that innovation starts with inclusion and to create the future we need people with diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. That’s why we’re committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can do their best work. It's when everyone’s voice is heard and valued that we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. We expressly encourage disabled candidates to apply for this position. Please therefore feel free to voluntarily inform us in your application about any severe disability (degree of disability of at least 50%) or any equal status (degree of disability of at least 30% together with official decision on equality) in accordance with the German SGB IX

Career Level - M3

Responsibilities

As part of the Oracle sales team you will direct and manage pre-sales resources throughout the sales cycle. Provides technical/functional leadership to the sales team in the development and implementation of customer applications and customer products. Participates in account planning and strategy development. May publishes technical information of specific applications and/or technical articles. Works with management to define new products. Serves as the company liaison on specific technical projects with customers.

About Us

As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s problems. True innovation starts with diverse perspectives and various abilities and backgrounds.

When everyone’s voice is heard, we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. It’s why we’re committed to expanding our inclusive workforce that promotes diverse insights and perspectives.

We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.

Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer a highly competitive suite of employee benefits designed on the principles of parity and consistency. We put our people first with flexible medical, life insurance and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.

We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by calling +1 888 404 2494, option one.

Disclaimer:

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer*. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.

 Which includes being a United States Affirmative Action Employer