
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121363154

Research Engineer (m/w/d)



This is what we do in hospitals for patients - without administrative overhead. In order to realize this vision, we are already taking over the entire case billing process for our hospital customers. To achieve this, our internal experts in strategic and operational medical controlling work hand in hand with our AI-based software. This is how DAMEDIC is designing the hospital processes of tomorrow today.
That's why we need youIt's difficult to understand medical texts. Teaching computers to understand medical data is even more difficult. As an experienced research engineer, you will integrate state-of-the-art machine learning and deep learning methods with sophisticated medical knowledge representations, thereby pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Your contribution to DAMEDIC will revolutionize the medical billing process - from a tedious manual task to a scalable service offering where AI and human experts work seamlessly together. Your role is crucial for this leap in innovation.
This is what we offerA job that makes a difference: With your work, you have a direct influence on the company's success. And for our hospital customers that means: More time for patients - less time for administrative tasks. Not just cogs in the wheel: We love responsibility, transparency and participation! That's why we rely on an active feedback culture and encourage autonomous decisions.Grow with the tasks: We like to solve difficult problems. To this end, we encourage the use of new technologies or methods as well as active exchange across team boundaries. This way you always stay up to date. Work can also be fun: team workshops with LEGO, board game evenings or canoeing on the Rhine. We live the team spirit. Remote with a personal touch: Work from wherever you want and at flexible working hours that suit you and your team. We cover the costs for equipment in the home office or membership in the co-working space. We all meet in person at regular intervals to exchange ideas and engage in exciting team activities.
This is what a day could look like with us09:30 a.m.: You start the day highly motivated: Your nightly model training shows promising results.10:00 a.m.: You share your success in the morning meeting. The spontaneous brainstorming with the team leads to many new ideas, which you put on your agenda for the afternoon.10:20 a.m.: You carefully analyze the results of your experiment and make a few further changes to further improve performance.12: 12:00 a.m.: You attend a lunch meeting with the product team and medical experts. Together you will evaluate the feedback on current models and prioritize future improvements.1:30 p.m.: After lunch, you will continue your focused work and delve deeper into the data and algorithms.3:30 p.m.: An exciting discussion during your coffee break remember a recently published, groundbreaking paper. You arrange a pair programming session tomorrow to turn theory into a tangible prototype.5:15 p.m.: You end the day by cleaning up your experimental code from today and updating the documentation. You start more training runs that will run overnight and look forward to the insights they will bring tomorrow.
Your profileYou have a proven track record in solving complex problems in the areas of machine learning or deep learning and information extraction and retrieval (e.g. question answering, entity linking).You are an innovation driver and look beyond the status quo. You see opportunities rather than challenges and design algorithms that solve unsolved problems. You take a rapid iterative testing and evaluation approach. You are a team player who collaborates, shares knowledge, gives credit, and accepts and gives feedback.
Requirements:Experience solving complex problems using deep machine learning (e.g. translation, summarization, question-answering, entity-linking, retrieval, information extraction).Experience with an ML framework such as Huggingface Transformers, PyTorch or TensorFlowExperience with the fine-tuning of large language models such as Mistral or LlamaExperience with data generation and processing of text data (e.g. semi-automatic data labeling, Data augmentation) Good knowledge of German (B2/C1)
Nice to HaveExperience in biomedical NLP or medicineExperience deploying ML models/ML Ops (e.g. experience with AWS Sagemaker, Kubernetes, Continuous Integration and release pipelines)Experience integrating large language models into real-world applications and related technologies like Retrieval Augmented GenerationExperience with large frameworks like Langchain or Promptfoo
Further informationFor reasons of better readability, we at DAMEDIC do not use gender-neutral differentiation. In the interests of equal treatment, corresponding terms generally apply to all genders. The shortened language form does not contain any evaluation.