
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4121353630

Working student (f/m/d) development of power electronics



Type of employment: Temporary; 15-20 hours / week

Rethinking the IT world.

How will we communicate with each other, use energy sensibly and move around in the future? We can work together on the answers. We are looking for bright minds who can convert theories into practice and think cleverly.

As a working student, many doors are open for you to get involved: Take the opportunity now and become part of our global network, make important contacts and lay the foundation for your professional and personal future. We would be happy if you would like to bring your talent to us!

We implement what matters. This is your contribution.

You will work with us in the power electronics laboratory on the electrical design and testing of industrial converters and their components in the power range up to approx. 3 MW. You will carry out practical investigations in the laboratory and create experimental setups. You will support the team in automating measurement setups. You will create circuit diagrams and layouts for printed circuit boardsThe implementation into functional assemblies including assembly and soldering is also part of your tasks. You characterize and qualify various components and newly developed circuits

Your profile for “Making the future possible”.

You are preferably studying electrical engineering or a comparable course of study and are available to us on a long-term basis for 10-15 hours per week. You have basic knowledge of power electronics and measurement technology. Ideally, you also have knowledge of circuit design and programming. Your strengths include a team-oriented and structured way of working. Good knowledge of spoken and written German and English rounds off your profile

Your small step towards the great Siemens world.

www.siemens.de

if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.

Do you have questions about the application? Here you will find answers to frequently asked questions.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us:

www.siemens.de/fragenzurbewerbung

www.siemens.de/karriere

If you would like to receive more information about jobs and careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

#sayworkingstudent