
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122330826

PMO Product - Design Thinking (m/w/d)



PAYBACK is unique in the world in data-based marketing. With the ability to develop digital business models and implement technical trends, we are pioneers of the data economy. All technical solutions related to the PAYBACK program are invented and implemented in Munich. To achieve this, we work cross-functionally and agilely with the latest technologies. Do you want to take on responsibility, contribute your ideas about our unique product and further develop PAYBACK with us? Then you've come to the right place.
In this versatile role, you will support the department head in the management and implementation of important strategic initiatives or projects. To do this, you will combine strategic thinking with a strong focus on design thinking and innovative solution approaches.
YOUR TASKSYou act as proactive support for the department head in planning and implementing strategic priorities as well as in ensuring the achievement of cross-departmental goals. You plan, moderate and conduct design thinking workshops in order to develop innovative solutions to strategic issues and promote creativity in teams. You You are responsible for the structured preparation of information and decision templates using professional PowerPoint presentations for internal and external stakeholders - from the operational team Employee all-hands meetings up to management You take on and control cross-departmental projects, including coordination of teams and resources as well as regular success monitoring and reporting You create analyses, reports and key figures to support management in decision-making processes Structured preparation such as follow-up of management meetings and workshops , including the derivation of to-dos and measures round off your task profile
YOUR PROFILEYou have a university degree (business administration, management, design thinking, innovation management, etc.) and have several years of professional experience in a comparable role, such as project management or as chief of staff - ideally in a dynamic and international corporate environment. Your experience in application You excel in design thinking methods and in moderating workshops to promote innovative solutions. You have excellent knowledge of creating PowerPoint presentations Communicate complex issues in a target group-appropriate and appealing way. Your strong analytical skills and experience in creating well-founded decision-making bases and reports set you apart. You combine discretion and confidentiality with initiative, flexibility and a structured way of working, as well as high assertiveness and strong organizational and coordination skills. Very good German and English skills. Knowledge of spoken and written skills rounds off your profile

OUR OFFERGrow like a Pro: Educate yourself with individual training, grow with us and shape our future togetherTasty Breaks: Every visit to our DINING ROOM tastes like a vacation in Italy - of course also vegetarian or veganDo it your way: Own CHILDREN'S ROOM, flexible working hours, 30 days vacation and up to 2 days home office per weekMove it, move it: Our bonus program for your well-being - have fun in our 24/7 GYM and all the best for body and mind at our health weeksGet Together: Get to know and appreciate your colleagues - in the PLAYROOM, on a coffee date, our popular social days, at our ski events and festive highlights, such as Christmas parties, summer parties and team -EventsEasy Going: It's not only fun to come to us, it's also cheap - we'll cover the cost of your Germany ticket