
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122518975

Senior Program Manager, AMXL Supply Chain



Description

Our Program Managers are always thinking about the bigger picture. Every position at Amazon offers the opportunity for employees to influence business decisions and shape the future. But as a Senior Program Manager, pioneering new ways of thinking, designing and delivering is your mission. Collaborating with a wide range of stakeholders across the business, you’ll continuously be scoping out new solutions. You’ll conduct your own research and analysis, always with an eye on the long-term vision of the business. This is your opportunity to have a big impact on some of the most exciting new ideas that are shaping the future of Amazon.

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Munich, London, Barcelona, Luxembourg

Key job responsibilities

 Create innovative solutions using data and research to address wider challenges in your organization Take a big-picture approach in your analysis of business operations, driving improvements across a range of teams and organizations Work alongside senior leadership to establish and prioritize improvement programs, seeing them through from start to finish Enhance operational performance on every program in partnership with your stakeholders

A day in the life

As Senior Program Manager, you’ll drive and manage the implementation of creative, data-driven change in Amazon, leading improvement projects and programs. You’ll use strategic thinking to define and implement an efficient project plan. Some managers are based on-site while others work remotely, depending on the most suitable option for their team and tasks.

Senior Program Managers have significant responsibilities, and you’ll deal with complex challenges with creativity, innovation, and leadership. With a responsibility extending beyond process improvements, you could also contribute to improving other areas of the business, like diversity, equity, and inclusion.

About The Team

Amazon Extra Large (AMXL) looks after heavy items like furniture and large home appliances. Our team manages the entire service, from supply chain fulfillment to delivery and returns. What sets this service apart from others is the extra level of customer care. Not only do we deliver large items, but we unpack, assemble and install them, and take away old items where needed. With a focus on safety, productivity and innovation, we’re changing the way customers buy and receive large goods for the better.

We have ambitious plans to expand our specialist fulfillment centers and delivery stations across the UK and Europe. While those of us who work in delivery stations will do some night shifts, most of us work during the day. Our team is made up of people across operations, supply chain, business intelligence and program management, and everyone plays a crucial role in growing this part of the business.

Basic Qualifications

 A degree Relevant experience communicating with and influencing a range of different stakeholders including senior management Relevant experience in managing large-scale programs or projects Advanced proficiency in verbal and written English

Preferred Qualifications

 Advanced or master's degree Lean, Six Sigma, Kaizen, Prince2 certifications, or any other project management certification Relevant experience working in a supply chain, logistics, or operations environment Experience in conceptualising and implementing operational or supply-chain management improvements

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Deutschland Transport GmbH

Job ID: A2870943