
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122517983

Supply Chain Manager, AMXL EU



Description

Amazon’s Supply Chain Managers play a central role in our global business. They keep our complex, international supply chains working seamlessly and efficiently. As a Supply Chain Manager (SCM), you will work closely with multiple stakeholders across Amazon, from Operational teams who are fulfilling customer orders to Retail teams and everything in between. You’ll help us optimise our supply chains to make our customer experience even better and our business more energy and cost efficient.

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Luxembourg, Barcelona, Munich and London

Key job responsibilities

 Define and implement supply chain and operating models for various businesses Analyze and interpret data to improve efficiency across supply chains and multiple operations Partner with teams to advise on and manage operational challenges Support the planning and organization of complex projects Optimize processes and enhance overall efficiency Drive strategic decisions with our Operational site management, Retail, Transportation partners, and several support teams to drive efficiency in SC planning and execution

A day in the life

Being a Supply Chain Manager for Amazon involves lots of problem solving. You’ll work with a number of teams to navigate challenges as and when situations impact our network. You’ll spend time resolving temporary issues and looking at the bigger picture to drive Amazon towards achieving new objectives. This role is both proactive and reactive, and you’ll have the opportunity to help forecast and plan for new projects.

As a Supply Chain Manager, you’ll need to help with both on-the-ground tasks and more tactical work. No two days will be the same. You could spend one day helping to define our supply chain and operating models and the next assisting with a site’s resource plan for a busy period. Having so much variety in your role means you’ll be able to learn something new every day.

This role is based at one of our European headquarters in Luxembourg. There is flexibility to choose your location in our other AMXL EU Headquarters in BCN, MAD, MUC, LON, MIL

About The Team

Amazon Extra Large (AMXL) looks after heavy and bulky items like furniture and large home appliances. Our team manages the entire service, from supply chain fulfillment, to delivery and returns. What sets this service apart from others is the extra level of customer care. Not only do we deliver large items, but we unpack, assemble and install them, and take away old items where needed. With a focus on safety, productivity and innovation, we’re changing the way customers buy and receive large goods for the better.

We have ambitious plans to expand our specialist fulfillment centers and delivery stations across the UK and Europe. While those of us who work in delivery stations will do some night shifts, most of us work during the day. Our team is made up of people across operations, supply chain, business intelligence and program management, and everyone plays a crucial role in growing this part of the business.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree in business, engineering, operations, supply chain, transportation logistics Experience in stakeholder management, dealing with multiple stakeholders at varied levels of the organization Experience in supply chain Experience in program or project management Experience using data and metrics to determine and drive improvements Experience owning program strategy, end to end delivery, and communicating results to senior leadership Knowledge of Microsoft Excel at an advanced level, including: pivot tables, macros, index/match, vlookup, VBA, data links, etc.

Preferred Qualifications

 Master's degree or MBA Experience leading process improvements Knowledge of SQL at an intermediate level, including: compile queries, subqueries, aggregation/grouping, data modification, etc. Relevant experience communicating with and influencing a range of different stakeholders including senior management

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Deutschland Transport GmbH

Job ID: A2870960