
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122315884

Junior Technical Operations Manager:in (m/w/d)



INTRODUCTIONDo you want to ensure that our system runs smoothly? Would you like to gain initial experience in a growing company and work with a dynamic team? As a Junior Technical Operations Manager (m/f/d), you will support our technical operations, ensure that our processes run smoothly and learn how to find the right solution when problems arise. You will provide important support for our customers and help coordinate between the operations and tech teams.
WHAT IS YOUR TASK?You coordinate the interface between people, processes and our product in order to achieve optimal results for our customers.You accompany and support the planning, organization and support of new and ongoing projects from the technical side and thus ensure one as efficient and smooth a process as possible. You manage completed projects via remote maintenance and are always ready to help if a problem arises. You are the bridge between the operations and tech teams and work closely with them Colleagues from both areas together. You will penetrate and understand our product to perfection and proactively pass on your knowledge and experience to customers and colleagues. You will actively contribute to the constant expansion of our product through innovative ideas and entrepreneurial ideas Input.You will continuously support our installation team to achieve excellent results.You will develop detailed project plans to track progress and ensure a continuous optimization process.
YOUR SKILLS:You have successfully completed a relevant degree or comparable training.Initial practical experience, for example through internships or working student positions, is an advantage, but not a requirement.You are interested in technical systems and project management, ideally initial contact with CRM and project management Tools.Entrepreneur in Mind - we are looking for entrepreneurs in spirit to achieve our goals. Your personal drive, your hands-on mentality as well as your structured, independent and analytical way of working are essential. You have strong interpersonal skills: listening is just as important as talking. Thanks to your ambition and your can-do mentality, you work with positive energy every day towards your goals.You keep an overview and stay calm when something goes wrong and you work diligently to find a sustainable solution.Very good knowledge of German and English.
WORK SETUP: 40 hours per week (based on trust) Home office policy: 3 days in the office / 2 days remotely Permanent employment contract Place of work: Munich Team: 6 colleagues
WHAT ADVANTAGES DOES PETER PARK OFFER ME?Office: In our office in Neue Balan we work every day with an Alpine panorama, have lunch together on our roof terrace in the summer, barbecue and organize regular team building events.A fast-growing company with start-up flair: short communication and Decision-making processes, first-name culture from interns to CEOs, open doors, highly motivated and helpful colleagues. We learn from each other every day, grow together as a team and strive for ambitious goals. Exciting environment: working independently and an open feedback culture, steep learning curve and a lot of scope in implementing ideas. Further training: exciting personal development and career opportunities, such as Example: German language courses for all non-native speakers. Work-life balance: Flexible working based on trust in terms of time, place and working model. Benefits: 28 days of vacation, high-quality IT equipment of your choice, company-based Retirement provision, daily meal allowance as well as free team lunch once a week, muesli bar, free drinks and attractive discounts on various branded products through our partner Corporate Benefits. Health: The option of a job bike, EGYM Wellpass or Urban Sports Club membership, height-adjustable desks and healthy snacks like fruit and nuts.
Have we aroused your interest and would you like to become part of our team? Then please send us your application with all relevant documents to recruiting@peter-park.de. We look forward to hearing from you!