
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122304486

Senior Project Engineer (f/m/d) (H/F)



Safran is an international high-technology group operating in the fields of aeronautics (propulsion, equipment and interiors), space and defense. Its mission: to contribute sustainably to a safer world, where air transport becomes ever more environmentally friendly, more comfortable and more accessible. Established on all continents, the Group employs 92,000 employees for a turnover of 23.2 billion euros in 2023, and occupies, alone or in partnership, leading global or European positions in its markets. Safran engages in research and development programs that preserve the environmental priorities of its technological innovation roadmap. Safran is the 1st company in the aeronautics and defense sector in TIME magazine's “World's Best Companies 2023” ranking. Safran Passenger Innovations creates innovative in-flight entertainment and connectivity systems. The company leverages the latest consumer and avionics technologies to provide industry-leading hardware, software and services to provide passengers with a premium connected flight experience.

Mission description

We are Safran Passenger Innovations Germany GmbH, a mid-size innovation driven company, that is part of Safran, an international high-technology Group. We are leading the development of wireless, cellular and satellite-based connectivity solutions for aircraft passengers to enable them having the most memorable connected passenger experience. As a high tech innovative company, we make flying fun! So if you're someone that's constantly curious about discovering new ways to advance IFEC, entertainment, or technology as a whole, then you're exactly who we're looking for. Join us! The Senior Project Engineer is responsible for managing the day-to-day planning and engineering activities for the assigned internal projects or with projects developed with our suppliers/contractors. This includes requirements consolidation, technical direction, gate review preparation and regular interaction with the customer, internal teams, suppliers and contractors, systems integrators or any other actors related to the project. Success in the position will require attention to detail, following through on action item lists and ensuring technical accuracy of the program. If we sparked your interest, please follow this link to submit your application: https://apply.workable.com/safranpassengerinnovations/j/50DD8661B2/