
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122417787

Mobility Analyst – McKinsey Center for Future Mobility



Who You'll Work With

You will be based in our Munich office in Germany as part of the international McKinsey Center for Future Mobility Solution with approximately 40 colleagues worldwide. You will join a young, growing, entrepreneurial team focused on developing distinctive insights and intelligence tools and deploying them to McKinsey’s mobility clients (e.g., micromobility players, charging operators, automotive industry).

You’ll work with mobility enthusiasts and experts within our McKinsey Center for Future Mobility on solving our client’s most challenging questions on their way towards a successful and sustainable future.

The McKinsey Center for Future Mobility is our firm’s think tank developing new perspectives and counseling clients on trends in shared mobility, electrification, autonomous vehicles, and consumer sentiment. Thus, we are at the forefront of the sustainable mobility transition and help business leaders and policy makers solve the world’s mobility problems for society, industries, and individuals.

What You'll Do

You will split your time equally between developing data insights and tools around mobility. These include, for example, modeling future mobility demand, researching developments for charging infrastructure, designing and evaluating consumer surveys, and estimating fleet decarbonization potential. You will leverage these insights and tools to support clients on mobility-related questions.

You will have the opportunity to work both with McKinsey experts as well as directly with clients, where you will develop and customize business insights and model outputs.

You'll bring a passion for mobility and sustainability to help develop and deploy cutting edge capabilities and market projections to support our clients. Ideally, you will also bring automotive or mobility expertise and analytical skills to bear. We expect you to develop industry-leading expertise on at least one McKinsey Center for Future Mobility knowledge domains and participate in further building our mobility insights and tools. Python coding skills would be a great addition to manage and visualize our mobility data insights and guide our developer team in building and improving our mobility tools.

This is a highly entrepreneurial role with significant space for initiative taking and personal growth. You’ll have the opportunity to gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. You will receive exceptional trainings as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues across the firm.

Qualifications

Master’s degree in either business, business informatics, economics or STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) 2+ years of professional experience Background in, or strong interest in automotive and mobility, and a willingness to specialize in the area and bring related expertise to McKinsey teams and clients Strong analytical background with quantitative skills, including knowledge of software/solutions; strong MS Excel and PowerPoint skills are a minimum requirement, preferably with Python coding proficiency and data visualization (i.e. Tableau, PowerBI) Strong process management skills, autonomously coordinating multiple workstreams in parallel and with foresight Adept at managing key stakeholders (internal & external), confidence/ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, oftentimes ambiguous environment with senior stakeholders Excellent English communication skills, both verbal and written, German is a strong plus