
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122321367

Senior Project Manager:in (m/w/d)



INTRODUCTION
Would you like to shape the future of mobility together with us? As a Senior Project Manager (m/f/d), you are responsible for the planning and implementation of new projects in the area of ​​digital parking space management. You will plan successful project implementation, coordinate internal and external resources and be in close contact with our diverse customers. Sounds exciting? Then apply now and become part of our dynamic team!
WHAT IS YOUR TASK?
You are responsible for the smooth planning and implementation of our new and ongoing projects in the area of ​​parking space management. You make both technical and organizational decisions.You coordinate our internal teams (e.g. installation) as well as external subcontractors.You create project plans and processes to ensure that all customer requirements are met and the project is a complete success.You manage internal projects and initiate their implementation to strengthen the operations team and the entire Peter Park organization.
YOUR SKILLS:
You have completed a degree in economics, real estate management, engineering or a comparable field of study or, alternatively, have successfully completed comparable training. You have gained 5+ years of relevant professional experience in the field of project management, ideally in the construction industry, real estate industry or similar. You are experienced in Coordinating various stakeholders and project implementation. You are characterized by strong interpersonal skills, professionalism and a competent demeanor. You are interested in the topic of digitalization, find the parking industry exciting and enjoy it in dealing with customers.You have a fundamental interest in hardware and software.Entrepreneur in Mind - You are an entrepreneur in spirit. Your personal drive, your hands-on mentality as well as your structured, independent and analytical way of working are essential for you to achieve your goals. You are willing to travel within the DACH region. Very good knowledge of German and English.
WORK SETUP:
40 hours per week (based on trust) Home office policy: 3 days in the office / 2 days remotely Permanent employment contract Willingness to travel: 10% in the DACH region Work location: Munich Team: 6 colleagues
WHAT ADVANTAGES DOES PETER PARK OFFER ME?
Office: In our office in Neue Balan we work every day with an Alpine panorama, have lunch together on our roof terrace in the summer, have barbecues and organize regular team building events. A fast-growing company with start-up flair: short communication and decision-making channels, first-name culture from the intern up to the CEO, open doors, highly motivated and helpful colleagues. We learn from each other every day, grow together as a team and strive for ambitious goals. Exciting environment: independent work as well as an open feedback culture, steep learning curve and a lot of scope in implementing ideas. Further training: German course for all non-native speakers and other exciting personal development - and career opportunities.Work-life balance: Flexible working based on trust in terms of time, place and working model.Benefits: 28 days of vacation, high-quality IT equipment of your choice, company pension plan, Daily meal allowance as well as free team lunch once a week, muesli bar, free drinks and attractive discounts on various branded products through our partner Corporate Benefits. Health: The option of a job bike, EGYM Wellpass or Urban Sports Club membership, height-adjustable desks and healthy snacks such as fruit and nuts.
Have we aroused your interest and would you like to become part of our team? Then please send us your application with all relevant documents to recruiting@peter-park.de. We look forward to hearing from you!
ABOUT US
Peter Park helps its customers to map the design of parking spaces easily and digitally. We replace barriers, paper tickets and parking discs with barrier-free parking with mobile payment options. Peter Park is revolutionizing daily parking experiences with new digital technologies, making everyday life easier for every driver. In addition, we optimize the use of inner-city structures and get rid of cars on the side of the road - for a livable and sustainable living space. In close communication with our B2B customer base and corporate partners, we face the challenge of constantly improving and expanding our SaaS solution.