
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122775875

(Senior) Manager PMO (m/w/d) Strategy



Tasks 


In this role, you are responsible for the preparation, moderation and follow-up of management meetings, workshops and retreats at executive level. You support the preparation of presentations and the creation of analyses. You also support the coordination and communication of higher-level organizations Topics and projects. The definition and support of project management and strategy controlling processes, including the provision of methods and templates, are also part of your area of ​​responsibility. You will also support the management of strategic topics and Projects. Approximately 30% of your work involves assisting the management team, for example coordinating appointments or planning travel.

 Qualifications 


You have a degree in business administration, industrial engineering or a comparable field of study. You have already gained professional experience in project and change management in industry or in a management consultancy. You have the ability to quickly absorb, analyze and communicate complex issues. You You have a very structured and responsible way of working. You are characterized by a confident demeanor as well as communication and assertiveness combined with diplomatic skills. Negotiation skills Knowledge of German and English rounds off your profile.

 Interested? 
 Then we look forward to receiving your application! The best way to apply is online using the reference number. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact your recruiting contact via LinkedIn or XING at any time.

Equal opportunities are important to us. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.

Code number 10107

Recruiting contact Lisa Steinlen

Rohde & Schwarz is a global technology group with currently around 14,000 employees and three divisions: Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity. For 90 years, the company has been developing cutting-edge technology, pushing the boundaries of what is technically possible and enabling customers from business, authorities and the sovereign sector to exercise their technological sovereignty.