
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122318706

IT-Projektmanager (m/w/d)



About Us:

The Technical University of Munich (TUM) is one of the leading universities in Europe and occupies top positions internationally and is working on implementing the “Digital University” mission statement. A mainstay of this is the campus management team within TUM's Central Information Technology (ZIT). This is responsible for the systematic support and long-term operation of the IT services of the IT service center and the campus management system TUMonline.

In order to strengthen our team and optimize our range of services, we are looking for a committed and team-oriented person as soon as possible, initially for a period of two years
IT project manager (m/f/d)
part-time or full-time (80-100%, 32-40 hours/week)

Your area of ​​responsibility:

You will be responsible for requirements management for expansions and new developments of the campus management system and interfaces. This includes carrying out quality checks, acceptance tests and implementation activities.You coordinate projects, organize and moderate workshops, monitor schedules and organize communication between all those involved.As an interface between specialist departments and IT/development, you advise on the use and handling of applications and interfaces.You are contact persons for users and key users, answer customer inquiries, solve problems and create documentation.

Your requirements profile:

Completed training as an IT specialist or completed a degree in computer science, business informatics or a comparable course of study. Professional experience and experience with IT technologies and systems. Experience in university administration. Knowledge of project management methods. Ability to explain and present complex technical and organizational contexts in an understandable way. Outstanding organizational and communicative skills. High level of teamwork, initiative and a service-oriented way of thinking and acting. Systematic and independent way of working. Knowledge of German at level C1 required

Our range:

Work in a small, professionally mixed department in an innovative environment at a top international university with appropriate freedom and short decision-making processes. There is the option of working either at our main location in the heart of Munich or at one of our locations in Garching, Freising. There is a good connection to the locations with public transport. Compatibility of work and family through e.g. child care options or holiday programs, regulated working hours with flexitime and the possibility of home office Support for individual training and further education opportunities Pleasant and collegial working atmosphere Sports and health offers from university sports, job ticket, company pension Varied and demanding work with a mix of diverse tasks

The employment takes place with appropriate remuneration in accordance with the collective agreement for the public service of the federal states (TV-L). The position is suitable for people with severe disabilities. Severely disabled applicants will be given preference if they otherwise have essentially the same suitability, ability and professional performance. TUM aims to increase the proportion of women, so applications from women are expressly welcomed.

Contact:

Please send your application by January 17, 2025 at the latest to the Technical University of Munich, Central Information Technology, Arcisstraße 21, 80333 Munich, or by email to application.itsz@tum.de. Encrypted transmission is possible upon request using an S/MIME certificate. In the case of a written application, we ask that you only submit copies to us, as we will not return your application documents once the process has been completed.

As part of your application for a position at the Technical University of Munich (TUM), you submit personal data. Please note our data protection information in accordance with Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) https://portal.mytum.de/kompass/datenschutz/Bewerbung/ on the collection and processing of personal data as part of your application. By submitting your application, you confirm that you have read TUM's data protection information. 

Find out more about us: www.tum.de and www.it.tum.de