
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122346721

Internship (m/f/d) in Customer Experience Team at Allianz SE



Job Start: 01.04.2025

Job Type: Full-time - Temporary

Allianz student position

We kindly ask you to upload pdf documents only and make sure your CV and motivation letter for this position are in English.

Who are we?

Are you keen on driving innovation? Do you thrive in a culture of diversity, collaboration and trust? Then let's care for tomorrow. At Allianz SE, you can count on having a voice, driving innovation and change and making an impact – for us, yourself and the world. For more about Allianz SE, Click Here .

Who will you be joining? 

As the Customer Experience (CX) team, our primary goal is to drive and enable customer-centricity throughout the organization. We do this by collaborating with our operating entities (OEs) to measure customer feedback, input and support in the improvement of local customer experiences. Furthermore, we partner with OEs and other teams within Allianz SE to co-create global customer experience initiatives as part of Allianz Xperience. Lastly, to fulfill our ambition of driving customer-centricity, we also work on cultivating a culture where everyone prioritizes the customer in their daily work, incl. planning and hosting CX Events and contributing to the development of CX Trainings.

We are currently seeking a Customer Experience Intern to support us primarily in our Voice of the Customer (VoC) program. This program allows us to hear and understand how the customer feels after every interaction with us so that we can use the data in improving their experiences. This position presents an exciting opportunity for learning and professional growth, as you will interact with employees from various departments within Allianz, coordinate and participate in diverse events, and contribute to multiple projects / topics.

How can you make an impact? 

Support the Voice of the Customer program in research, data analysis, communication, reporting, governance, third party operational management, and program audit proofingAnalyse customer-driven data to identify patterns and derive actions using tools such as PowerBICollaborate with various stakeholders to gather data and prepare progress reports

What are you made of? 

Minimum Qualifications

Must have an independent, diligent, creative, and positive attitudeDisplay a detailed-oriented, well-organized, and reliable working styleExhibit flexibility and willingness to adapt in a dynamic working environmentShowcase strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a results-oriented attitudePrevious working experience particularly in Entrepreneurship, Marketing, IT, Project Management, and/or CommunicationsThe ideal candidate will demonstrate an organized approach to administration, the ability to multitask and prioritize effectively, work with initiative, and possess excellent communication skills. Attention to detail and accuracy are essential. We offer numerous opportunities for skill development and learning in various topics. We expect engagement, reliability, and a commitment to learning in accordance with our high standards and quality.We can only consider your application if you provide the following documents:
Certificate of enrolment (exception gap year)Valid Work and residence permit (for non-EU citizens). Please check before applying if you can work with your current VISA
Previous experience in business related functions (e.g. Sales, Operations, Claims, Underwriting, Investment Management, Asset Management, Consulting, Product Development, Finance, Market Management, Digital/ Tech etc.) is a plus

Preferred Qualifications

Ability to use data analysis tools such as Excel and PowerBIAbility to produce prompts for open AI, chat GPTCreative and client-oriented communication skills with ability to story tell using Power PointExcellent oral and written communication skills in EnglishDemonstrate strong collaboration skills especially with own team, own department, OEs, and the third party provider

Do we have what you need? 

Flexible working arrangements (opportunity to work from home few days per week)Individual and Excellent career development opportunities/plansFamily friendly working environment Health & well-being offerings Company pension & health insurance Multi-national, diverse and inclusive community Opportunity to make an impact on our sustainability initiatives 

 And there is much more! Find out more here: Allianz SE Benefits

More information regarding our recruitment process: Allianz Career

64094 | Marketing & Design | Student | n.a. | Allianz SE | Full-Time | Temporary

To Recruitment Agencies: 

Allianz SE has an in-house recruitment team that sources great candidates directly. Therefore, Allianz SE does not accept unsolicited resumes from agency or search firm recruiters.

When we do work with recruitment agencies, that engagement is formalized by a contract. Fees will only be paid when there is a contract in place. Without a contract in place, we will not accept invoices on unsolicited resumes, even if the candidate was ultimately employed by Allianz.

Finally, please do not contact hiring managers directly.

Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.

We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in. We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.

Great to have you on board. Let's care for tomorrow.

Note: Diversity of minds is an integral part of Allianz’ company culture. One means to achieve diverse teams is a regular rotation of Allianz Executive employees across functions, Allianz entities and geographies. Therefore, the company expects from its employees a general openness and a high motivation to regularly change positions and collect experiences across Allianz Group.