
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4122780521

(Junior) Technical Sales Engineer (m/w/d) Mobile Radio Analytics



Tasks 


You drive the Mobile Radio Analytics business forward by working closely with international, local sales organizations and customers and supporting them. You are a competent contact/technical consultant (m/f/d) for our Mobile Radio Analytics solutions - from pre- Sales phase up to the conclusion of the contractYou translate operational requirements into technical solutions and create concise offer documentsYou conduct commercial contract negotiations, assess business opportunities and risks, including the offer and pricing strategyYou work closely with the Business development, share information and capture market-driven requirements for the development of future products and system solutions. You will contribute to and drive the global sales strategy. You will forecast business volumes, successfully complete opportunities and track projects

 Qualifications 


You have a completed technical degree (e.g. industrial engineering, electrical engineering, communications engineering). You have professional and industry-specific experience in the area of ​​mobile communication networks or similar. You have professional experience and specialist knowledge in the sale of complex, technical solutions and enjoy advising customers You can quickly familiarize yourself with new, complex topics, act in an entrepreneurial and solution-oriented manner. You are characterized by good communication skills and a high level of customer orientation. You are willing to travel internationally (approx. 20%) and have intercultural skills. Your German and English skills are fluent

 Interested? 
 Then we look forward to receiving your application! It's best to apply online using the reference number. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact your recruiting contact via LinkedIn or XING at any time.

Equal opportunities are important to us. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.

Code number 8698

Recruiting contact Franziska Lorenz

Rohde & Schwarz is a global technology group with currently around 14,000 employees and three divisions: Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity. For 90 years, the company has been developing cutting-edge technology, pushing the boundaries of what is technically possible and enabling customers from business, authorities and the sovereign sector to exercise their technological sovereignty. ROHDE & SCHWARZ International GmbH is responsible for the worldwide distribution of Rohde & Schwarz products. She coordinates and supervises foreign representations, cooperations and other contacts in the regions of Europe, Asia/Pacific, the Middle East/Africa and North and Latin America.