
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123375241

Principal Product Manager, New Products



Why Mozilla?

Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best content online. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people.

The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.

About This Team And Role

Mozilla’s New Product group is a fast-paced organization of entrepreneurs and entrepreneurial-minded individuals. We build new products from the ground up, explore methods of investment and acquisition and experiment quickly to solve exciting problems for people that can form the basis of new Mozilla businesses.

As a Principal Product Manager, you will lead a small dynamic team, often beginning with just two people, to explore and bring new concepts to life through rapid iterations and prototyping. You should feel confident managing products through all phases of the early product lifecycle, from discovery to launch and initial growth, focusing on products aimed at business and enterprise customers.

We are looking for someone who thrives in an entrepreneurial setting, has startup experience and a track record of delivering, and can navigate the unique challenges of building 0 to 1 products.

What You’ll Do

Identify a new Concept: Identify compelling problems to solve and ideate on potential solutions.Product Vision & Strategy: Lead and own the end-to-end product lifecycle for new product initiatives, from concept through launch, early traction, and iteration. Set clear goals for product success, ensuring alignment with Mozilla’s mission and strategic vision.Customer Discovery: Conduct market research and user interviews to identify unmet needs and validate product ideas.Cross-functional Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams to define product requirements, prioritize features, and deliver high-quality products that align with user needs and business goals.Data-Driven Decisions: Continuously gather and analyze qualitative and quantitative data to measure product performance, iterate on features, and drive improvements.Effective Communication: Clearly articulate product plans, benefits, and outcomes to a wide range of audiences, including internal partners, leadership, employees, and users.

What You’ll Bring

7+ years of product experience, with recent experience developing 0 to 1 products preferably in a startup or entrepreneurial environment.Experience with enterprise or B2B software, including engaging directly with customersExcellent at big-picture thinking, solving problems, and inventing what’s nextStrong product sense - the ability to understand, communicate, and take action on what makes a product great.A user-centric mentality with a passion for solving real problems through technology.Excellent communication and leadership skills, capable of rallying teams around a shared vision.Proficiency in building hypotheses, experimenting, and developing success metrics to inform product decisions.You've balanced user experience, business needs, technical feasibility, and time-to-market to determine the best product.An understanding and fluency in developing early traction through innovative go-to-market strategiesYou can communicate clearly about your product concept from the idea phase through the development phase and can advocate for your decisions.You love working in a fast-paced environment, improving your leadership and product skillsYou can work efficiently with a geographically distributed team.Commitment to our values:Welcoming differencesBeing relationship-mindedPracticing responsible participationHaving grit
Bonus

Experience founding a startupExperience in open-source projects or familiarity with the Mozilla community.Technical proficiency in UX design, front-end/back-end development, or AI/ML.

What You’ll Get

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one teamRich medical, dental, and vision coverageGenerous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause togetherCountry specific holidays plus a day off for your birthdayOne-time home office stipendAnnual professional development budgetQuarterly well-being stipendConsiderable paid parental leaveEmployee referral bonus programOther benefits (life/AD&D, disability, EAP, etc. varies by country)

About Mozilla

When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online. We’re not a normal tech company. The things we create prioritize people and their privacy over profits. We exist to make the internet a healthier, happier place for everyone

Commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion

Mozilla believes in the value of diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge, and knows diversity, equity and inclusion are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities and expressions.

We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com to request accommodation.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.

Group: C

Req ID: R2632

Hiring Ranges

Remote Germany

€129.000—€173.000 EUR