
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123610925

Werkstudent Data Management in Development Electronics (m/w/d)



Tomorrow is our home.

Get in and take advantage of your opportunity to grow – with the BSH Hausgeräte Group: As a leading manufacturer of household appliances and first-class solutions, we move things forward to make everyday life easier for people. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff, as well as our local brands, the whole world of possibilities is open to you. We encourage people to develop their potential and to continuously learn. Because we believe that good work comes from doing what you love. Join us on this journey and give your career a home.

BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Part time | from February 2025

Regensburg, Munich

Your task

Do you already have theoretical specialist knowledge and would now like to supplement this with practical experience in a dynamic company? Then support us with your talent and know-how in the following tasks

Participation in the portfolio management team in international electronics development in the development and implementation of data analyses. Maintenance and further development of a dashboard with database interfaces for analyzing electronics portfolios. Development of reports in the visualization tool (PowerBI). Preparation, implementation and follow-up of internal workshops. Conception and development of the share point/wiki for the database and processes etc.

Your profile

Ongoing studies in the field of business informatics/science, IT or comparable Team and communication skills, sense of responsibility Easy to learn new systems/programs, good MS Office knowledge Conscientious and solution-oriented working style Very good knowledge of German and English 

Your advantages

International & modern working environmentAttractive employer benefits and remunerationFlexible organization of working hours using a time accountPossibility of mobile working according to individual agreement (max. 50% of working hours)

I look forward to your application.

Dhisha Masudha Islam (HR Contact)

More information?

Visit us here bsh-group.com/de/karriere. We would be happy to welcome you to our team!