
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123368245

Systems Engineer (m/w/d) Eurofighter



Tasks 


As a Eurofighter system engineer, you are responsible for coordinating the technical interfaces in the Eurofighter project. This specifically includes the coordination of requirements management for the Eurofighter Secure Comms package with all internal and external stakeholders on the basis of technical implementation. You will stand shoulder to shoulder with the Eurofighter Chief Engineer and the Eurofighter customer project manager. You will ensure that all elements of the R&S Secure Comms solution such as hardware, software and service seamlessly serve the needs of the project. To do this, you are equally deep in the technology as well as in the network with all relevant partners such as our suppliers, the end customers and the main contractor as well as the institutions and committees in between. In close coordination with sales and the product manager, you will ensure that Rohde & Schwarz contributes to the success of the Eurofighter project in both the short and long term. You will understand and serve the specifics of the Eurofighter environment, taking the best possible consideration of company and project interests.

 Qualifications 


You have completed a degree in a MINT course, you already have experience in customer contact, ideally in the aviation sector, and you appear confident and convincing. Customer satisfaction is important to you. With your excellent communication skills and intercultural competence, you build bridges between different worlds. You are willing to occasionally travel internationally to strengthen our global connections and discover new horizons. You are proficient in spoken and written English and German effortlessly and can express yourself easily. You work independently and goal-oriented, because you are a pioneer who is conquering the technological landscape and paving the way to success

 Interested? 
 Then we look forward to receiving your application! The best way to apply is online using the reference number. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact your recruiting contact via LinkedIn or XING at any time.

Equal opportunities are important to us. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.

Code number 8408

Recruiting contact Richard Jelend

Rohde & Schwarz is a global technology group with currently around 14,000 employees and three divisions: Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity. For 90 years, the company has been developing cutting-edge technology, pushing the boundaries of what is technically possible and enabling customers from business, authorities and the sovereign sector to exercise their technological sovereignty.