
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123342272

Project Manager (f/m/d) Global Procurement Projects



A Snapshot of Your Day 

As a Project Manager (f/m/d) Global Procurement Projects at Siemens Energy, you will drive strategic procurement initiatives and implement cutting-edge tools and processes across our worldwide locations. You will improve procurement efficiency, drive our mission, and deliver outstanding value to our customers, while collaborating with diverse teams and departments.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Lead global strategic procurement projects and ensure their successful implementation across diverse locationsCoordinate overarching procurement topics across all our global locationsActively participate as a project member in cross-departmental global projects (e.g. IT, Industrial Engineering, Production etc.) contributing your expertise to drive world-class resultsEnsure procurement activities are completed flawlessly, meeting all set objectives and timelinesImplement new tools and processes in headquarters and various locations, ensuring strict adherence to standard methodologies and achieving ambitious goalsDetermine the most effective strategies for cost management, supplier relationships, and risk mitigation


What You Bring

A Master's degree in engineering, industrial engineering, business informatics or business administrationSeveral years of management experience in operational or strategic procurement within a large multinational companyProven track record in leading global procurement teams with a focus on achieving outstanding resultsExperience in the transmission business is an advantageIn-depth knowledge of procurement processes and toolsWillingness to travel as needed to support global project requirementsStrong interpersonal and communication skills


About The Team

Our Grid Technologies division enables a reliable, balanced, and digital grid. The power grid is essential for the energy transition. Siemens Energy offers a leading range of solutions in HVDC transmission, grid stabilization and storage, high voltage switchgears and transformers, and digital grid technology.

Who is Siemens Energy? 

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 94,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards/Benefits

In addition to an attractive remuneration package in line with the market, you can expect an attractive employer-financed company pension schemeWe also offer the opportunity to become a Siemens Energy shareholderWe offer our employees the opportunity to work flexibly and remotely, and our inspiring offices provide space for collaboration and creativityThe professional and personal development of our employees is very important to us. We provide them with the opportunities to learn and develop in a self-determined way, various attractive programmes and learning materials are available for this purposeIn relation to the "compatibility of family and work", we have a wide range of offers, e.g. flexible working time models, childcare places at many locations, the possibility of trial part-time work or even a sabbatical 


We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs