
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123326957

Experienced R&D Engineer - Simulation



Experienced R&D Engineer – Simulation

A global job with impact!

Are you eager to drive innovative product development from the very beginning? Are you ready to take on the responsibility of developing cutting edge medical devices? Do you feel your strengths lie in improving product performance using simulation tools? Would you like to join a successful and rapidly growing company?

If so, don't hesitate to apply for the Experienced R&D Simulation Engineer position!

In this role, your primary responsibility will be to support our engineers by providing simulations that help them to make the best decision in the development of our innovative products. With your strong simulation background, you can expect to be involved in the full development cycle of our products and be assured of continued professional and technical development.

In this position, you will thrive the most if you naturally take charge and support your colleagues, especially in product development and design for manufacturing through simulation. Having strong expertise in a specific simulation field is a plus, but being comfortable working across different simulation disciplines will certainly help you succeed.

The role can be based either in our HQ in Ballerup, Denmark or in our Innovation Site in Augsburg, Germany.

 

Key Responsibilities

In this role, you will be in a key position in the development of Ambu’s future products. You can therefore expect to:

Develop computational models for medical device product development using different simulation disciplines.Support R&D projects with computational modeling and simulation.Preprocessing, running and postprocessing computational models.Perform verification and validation activities of computational models.Evaluate and optimize product design via virtual prototyping.Collaborate with technicians, clinicians, and engineers of different disciplines to create innovative technical solutions.Perform experimental tests for model input calibration and result validation.Support design engineers in component dimensioning and tolerance analysis to ensure robust design through computational modeling and simulation.

Qualifications

Skills and experiences can be gained in many different ways, and we understand that the best fit for the role cannot be prescribed on paper. You are however likely to succeed in this position if you have:

A background in mechanical engineering, physics, mathematics, computational science, or similar fields.Relevant experience in CAE/FEM software e.g. Ansys, abaqus, nastran, hyperworks or similar.Previous experience in the design of plastic components and/or computational fluid dynamics (CFD) is an advantage.Expertise in verification, validation, and uncertainty quantification (VVUQ) of computational models, e.g. V&v10, v&v40.Interest in medical devices and the use of simulation to enhance product performance.Knowledge in design for manufactory and design for assembly (DFM/DFA).Strong teamwork and communication skills, along with initiative and courage to take the technical lead in development technical solutions.An innovative mindset and a preference for working in the early stages of product design.Fluency in English and feel comfortable in international environments.Attention to detail and a strong sense of ownership over your work.

Ambu – a visionary and international workplace where your efforts matter

Ambu is a company that expands rapidly and has ambitious growth targets. We meet these targets through interdisciplinary teamwork between motivated and highly skilled employees. Your contributions and efforts are crucial to our success and by joining us you will get the opportunity to work in an international head office with an informal working environment.

We offer great opportunities for personal development. Furthermore, we offer a wide range of professional, social and financial employee benefits in addition to exciting job challenges and continuous professional and personal development.

When to apply

As an equal opportunity employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. If you are ready to apply for the position, please apply as soon as possible. We will invite candidates for interviews on a continuous basis so there is no need to hesitate.