
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123341615

Scrum Master / Agile Coach (f/m/div.)



Company Description

EVI Audio GmbH is part of the Bosch Building Technologies division. Bosch Building Technologies is divided into the international product business, which includes EVI Audio GmbH, and the regional system integration business. Currently, the three product areas of video systems, access control & intrusion detection systems and communication systems as well as the associated cross-sectional functions within the division are to be set up as an independent unit and then further developed as a sustainable core business by a new owner.

EVI Audio GmbH in Straubing is looking forward to receiving your application!

Job Description

Building solutions for a better life. The Bosch Building Technologies division is a leading international provider of systems, solutions and services that increase the safety of people, buildings and property and also contribute to greater comfort, energy efficiency and sustainability.

Bosch Building Technologies is divided into the international product business and the regional system integration business. Currently, the three product areas of video systems, access control & intrusion detection systems and communication systems as well as the associated cross-divisional functions within the division are to be set up as an independent unit and then further developed as a sustainable core business by a new owner.

International and interdisciplinary cooperation: As Scrum Master / Agile Coach, you will be part of the new company to be set up in the future and thus contribute to a globally networked team of around 4300 colleagues operating in over 50 countries. You are responsible to servant lead and coach 2-4 scrum teams within a scaled agile environment in the IT organization. You support the teams in running their team events. You coach the team and their members to improve their self-organization skills and agile practices to drive overall performance. You also help them in improving their cooperation with other teams in the scaled agile environment. You anticipate conflicts and impediments and support the team in resolving them. You look beyond the boundaries of your own team and support the programs in how to best deliver value and align the different trains in the department. You work hand in hand with your colleagues in the Business Agility & Change team and possibly take over parts of the RTE role to support the different value streams. You work with various stakeholders across the program to improve processes and enable effective collaboration. You bring in your experience in scaled agile environments to continuously drive the agile transformation in the department, establishing a mindset and process of continuous improvement. You coach other roles in the value stream, i.e. (chief) product owners, architects and developers in how to establish and drive effective agile practices. You get involved in the Agile Community of Practice to increase knowledge, innovate and learn from others. 

Qualifications

Education: completed university studies in (business) psychology, software engineering, social sciences or a comparable qualification. Alternatively, appropriate training as well as extensive technical skills and qualified training or a comparable qualificationExperience and Knowledge: several years of experience in working as a scrum master or similar role with multiple teams in a scaled agile environment (SAFe or similar) in an IT-related department, ideally in teams working in SAP environments. Experience in living a modern servant leader mindset within the environment of traditional line management and a more traditional organization structure and hierarchy. Deep understanding of agile principles and methodology; and what their guardrails are within a mid-size company IT department. Experience in managing a group of stakeholders. Certifications as scrum master / agile coach / RTE are beneficial. A deep understanding of the needs and requirements of commercial ITPersonality and Working Practice: excellent communication and conflict resolution skills, quick perception skills, a cooperative and solution-oriented mindset as well as a strong ability to motivate others. You are authentic and not afraid to voice your own ideas, question existing processes and bring in your perspective to improve processes and the status quo. You walk the talk: You “breath” the agile values and principles and mirror this mindset in your actions. You also bring the necessary pragmatism to integrate agile values within a more traditional structureWork Routine: willingness to travel up to 30%Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English

Additional Information

We offer flexible working models: from various part-time options to mobile working and job sharing. Feel free to contact us.

Diversity and inclusion are not just trends for us but are firmly anchored in our corporate culture. Therefore, we welcome all applications, regardless of gender, age, disability, religion, ethnic origin or sexual identity.

Need support during your application?

Nina Sier (Human Resources)

+49 711 811 35323

Need further information about the job?

Sinah Schmid (Functional Department)

+49(89)6290-2217