
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123366978

European Graduate Programme - Germany (m/f/d)



Linde GmbH, Gases Division

European Graduate Programme - Germany (m/f/d)

Pullach nearby Munich, Germany | req21785

Are you interested in Linde's core business functions and keen to experience how we live our mission of making our world more productive? Are you curious to know how we make our customers more successful while sustaining and protecting our planet?

What You Will Enjoy Doing

You will explore Europe while working with colleagues across Linde living in two European countriesYou will explore three different work assignments within our core business functions Sales & Marketing, Operations and Supply and you will gain experience of how our business works and what industrial gases customers are looking forIn addition, you will further discover your intercultural proficiencies while being abroad for a six-months assignmentYou will have a mentor to guide and help you release your full potentialAlso, you will build and develop yourself for future success by networking with diverse teamsWe will assist you in every step to actively be part of the European Graduate Alumni and support you to build meaningful key contacts with business leaders and diverse colleagues

What Makes You Great

You have a Master's degree in Natural Sciences, Engineering or other Technical Studies, or in Business, Management or Logistics with technical affinityMoreover, you have completed internships and/or studies abroadAlso, you excel by having an international mindset and you value different perspectives and ideas from others, as well as enjoying working in diverse teams with a different sets range of backgroundsYou have the ambition to become a business leader with empathy and to develop your ability to encourage, inspire and connect peopleFurther, you possess effective communication skills and outstanding self-motivation, combined with an appetite for challengesBeing able to communicate proficiently in English and, ideally, proficiency in at least one other European language to enable you to work optimally with our diverse teams right from the beginning

Why you will love working with us

You are passionate about the prospect of leading our business and our people in the future. The programme is about identifying our future leaders today and preparing them for the challenges of tomorrow. Throughout the programme you will develop through challenges on the job, working with people who demonstrate excellence in their areas and completing a tailored training programme.

Linde is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity, equity, and inclusion. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request a reasonable accommodation.

Interested to get on board?

Please share your CV, motivation letter, references and academic certificates (all materials in English language) when sending your online application via our portal.

Within Your Motivation Letter, Please Answer The Following Questions

Why you want to join the European Graduate Programme?What will make you a great leader?

The EGP starts on October 1, 2025 and the application phase runs from January 13 until February 14, 2025.

Please head over to our homepage at www.lindecareers.com/egp for all the details on the European Graduate Programme.

Your contact person

Jürgen Modi

Any designations used of course apply to persons of all genders. The form of speech used here is for simplicity only.

Linde GmbH, Gases Division acts responsibly towards its shareholders, business partners, employees, society and the environment in every one of its business areas, regions and locations across the globe. The company is committed to technologies and products that unite the goals of customer value and sustainable development.