
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4123352264

Technical Product Manager - Hospitality Software (m/f/d)



Shiji Group provides software solutions and services for the hospitality, food service, retail and entertainment industries, ranging from hotel management solutions, to food and beverage and retail systems, payment gateways, data management, online distribution and more.

Founded in 1998 as a network solutions provider for hotels, and later changed to a software provider for the whole consumer market, Shiji Group today comprises 5,000 employees in 80+ subsidiaries and brands, serving over 91,000 hotels, 200,000 restaurants and 600,000 retail outlets.

Shiji is committed to connecting the global business of hospitality. We provide an integrated suite of technological solutions that empower hotel, retail, food, and entertainment companies to better connect with their guests.



Job Description

Utilize industry experience and knowledge to shape the platform and prioritize back log.Create and maintain defined initiative backlog of features for integrations of all types in Shiji Enterprise Platform. Maintain overview of feature delivery including progress, dependencies and delivery dates. Participation in defining priority and order of feature development for productLead theoretical and conceptual presentations, discussions and dialogue; and to provide business and practical context that enables both decision and design conclusions. Participate in strategic conversations, adding perspective and vision for growing our product in the right wayManage communication cross departmentally to facilitate efficient working environment, remove any roadblocks.Drive your own professional advancement by actively seeking to increase knowledge, experience or exposure to new ideas or information. Owns and resolves very complex problems in a way that demonstrates balanced judgment.Manage presentations to executive management, customers or internal audience of product direction or specific feature functionality. Communication and decision making to represent business priorityExecute role of customer representation as needed from product perspective for new integration requests, scope and phases.Work closely with Director of integrations and other integration colleagues for priority understanding, planning and capacity. Management deliverables, timelines and any core dependencies for full functioning features related to integrations.Analyse the customer or vendor requests for new integrations or improvements to existing integrations (payment, property, distribution, CRS, CRM, etc) and recommend for approval or rejection.Define scope of new integrations, decompose project and create backlog of epics and stories to complete integration. Manage the planning and timeline for estimated and on time delivery.Create, write, refine stories for development. Maintain product backlog of stories, and manage sprint planning. Support development and QA throughout sprint lifecycle.Dotted line or direct responsibility for select Product Owners or Product Managers.

Qualifications

Excel in ability to troubleshoot and resolve challenges independently by creating solutions appropriate for all involved. Demonstrate ability to drive product forward.Confidence to make suggestions to achieve improvements, efficiencies and drive these solutions through to completion.Leadership qualities with ability to adhere to policy and procedureOwnership and accountability. We look for someone who proactively takes ownership.Demonstrate a high level of professionalism and accountability in actions and communication and behavior at all times.Effectiveness in communication. Understanding of how to communicate to executive management, colleagues, and also line reports. Analytical mindset, with ability to both take into account the big picture, and ensure future needs will align with current development work while also paying attention to the finer details.Experience required:

2-3 years of experience in software product management or product ownership or development area, with focus on integrations. Experience in story writing, sprint planning, refinement, writing of release notes and sprint review presentations.4-5 years experience in hospitality industry either with product development, product management, implementations or support.Leadership or management experience with direct or dotted line reports.

Additional Information

Challenging and creative technology environment with a great deal of freedom and responsibilityFeedback and initiatives are always welcome, you’ll also get full ownership to help shape the company's futureOpportunity to grow inside the global organization and develop yourself both professionally and personallyFlexible working hours and a modern workplace in one of our multinational officesRegular company Events & Entertainments as well as access to various location-based benefits and Employee Assistance Programs