
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124783720

AI Strategist (m/f/d) at Allianz SE



Who are we? 

Are you keen on driving innovation? Do you excel in a culture of diversity, collaboration and trust? Then let's care for tomorrow. At Allianz SE, you can count on having a voice, driving innovation and change and making an impact – for us, yourself and the world. For more about Allianz SE, click here .

Who will you be joining?

Group Data and AI (GDA) is the Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Analytics center unit for the entire Allianz Group, a global leader in insurance and asset management, responsible for shaping the global AI and data analytics agenda and driving the implementation of data & AI solutions at scale.

GDAs purpose is to enhance Allianz Group in digital transformation with an AI & data-driven culture, transform insurance processes and to generate data-driven impact with the help of AI and other data technologies.

How can you make an impact?

You will:

coordinate and drive global (Gen)AI initiative, strategic projects and solutions with the target to enhance impactful and scalable AI solutions connect the state of the art methods advancement with the business challenges in Allianzcoordinate with our AI partner teams in Allianz's local entities to scale AI solutions to local businesses.represent the global AI solutions and initiatives to senior stakeholders

What are you made of?

master or PhD in area of mathematics, physics, computer science, engineering or similar directionsdirect working experience in AI projects in finance/insurance industryworking experience with developing industrial GenAI solutionsvery good communication skill to explain technical concept with technical and non-technical audienceprevious experience in business related functions (i.e. Sales, Operations, Claims, Underwriting, Investment Management, Asset Management, Consulting, Product Development, Finance, Market Management, Digital / Tech etc.) is a plus

Do we have what you need? 

Flexible working arrangementsExcellent career development opportunitiesFamily friendly working environment Health and well-being offerings Company pension and health insurance Multinational, diverse and inclusive community Opportunity to affect our sustainability initiatives 

And there is much more! Find out more here: Allianz SE Benefits

More information regarding our recruitment process: Allianz Careers

For more information contact Ms. Zhiva Hristova: +49 89 3800 14379

People with disabilities:

We want to give all our candidates the best opportunity to succeed. If you need any adjustments to be made during the application and selection process, please email to RECRUITING-SERVICES@allianz.com

#StandwithUkraine

64196 | IT & Tech Engineering | Professional | Allianz SE | Full-Time | Temporary

Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.

We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in. We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.

Great to have you on board. Let's care for tomorrow.

Note: Diversity of minds is an integral part of Allianz’ company culture. One means to achieve diverse teams is a regular rotation of Allianz Executive employees across functions, Allianz entities and geographies. Therefore, the company expects from its employees a general openness and a high motivation to regularly change positions and collect experiences across Allianz Group.