
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124747416

Senior Solutions Engineer - Remote



Job Description

Would you like to empower organizations to protect their API Ecosystems?

Would you like to be a trusted advisor for cutting-edge API discovery, threat mitigation and posture management?

Join our Enterprise Security Solution Engineering Group!

This role bridges technology and business. Combining deep technical expertise with strategic thinking to create real-world value for our clients.

Partner with the best

You'll engage with enterprise customers, shaping their API security strategies and act as a SME. Engaging both customers and internal teams, ensuring the highest level of understanding and excellence in API security.

As a Senior Solutions Engineer, you will be responsible for-

Owning the technical sales lifecycle, including discovery, solution design, and delivery of compelling product demonstrations.Translating complex technical concepts into practical/impactful use cases for diverse audiences from technical engineers to C-level executives.Serving as the go-to expert on API security for customers, internal teams, and partners.Educating sales teams and other stakeholders on API security trends, threats, and best practices.Acting as the technical point of contact for customers during their pre-sales journey, ensuring success and satisfaction.Gathering customer requirements and work closely with product and engineering teams to align solutions to customer needs.Presenting Akamai's API security vision and best practices at industry conferences, webinars, and customer workshops.Partnering with sales, product management, and engineering teams to drive alignment and continuously improve the customer experience.

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will-

Have excellent knowledge of APIs, API gateways, web application firewalls (WAF), and API security practices.Have proven experience in a technical pre-sales, solution architecture, or related role in cybersecurity or API-related fields.Display proficiency in internet technologies, including TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP/HTTPS, SSL/TLS, and RESTful APIs.Possess hands-on experience with scripting languages such as Python, JavaScript, or Bash.Display familiarity with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, GCP) and cloud-native architectures.

Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like!

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life-

Your healthYour financesYour familyYour time at workYour time pursuing other endeavors

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!