
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124723892

(Junior) Data Insights Manager



For us, Data Insights includes master data quality and process management, which are crucial components for our success as they ensure the accuracy, consistency and reliability of business data. Ensuring data quality forms the basis for recognizing potential more quickly and addressing it strategically. 

As a (Junior) Data Insights Manager, you will ensure that the store data (addresses, customer hierarchy, etc.) is available to our field service in the highest quality. In addition, you are responsible for keeping the processes behind the master data at a top level and adapting them to current needs. With your work you support the Senior Insights & Strategy Manager.

Areas of responsibility and tasks in which something can be achieved:

Master data expertise

You have an eye for detail while still maintaining an overview. Tables and data are exactly your thing - then process optimization and master data maintenance is easy for you. You always keep the master data (addresses, customer hierarchy, etc.) of the internal sales tool at a top level to ensure a valid database and adapt the structures to current needs. This makes you the master data expert and contact person for all other internal sales departments and the international HQ.

Process optimization

You enjoy identifying, analyzing and further optimizing the processes behind the tasks. You recognize the connections and ensure that the tasks are completed in the shortest possible time and with the highest quality. You ensure at all times that all relevant contacts are included in the processes.

Sales Tool User Support

You ensure that our field sales team is provided with the right stores at all times. Here you not only optimize the master data structure, but also the order of visits to the stores.

Experience and previous achievements count here. Relevant to the role:

Successfully completed studies, ideally in the areas of business, management, administration or comparable areas. Fluent German and English skills, both spoken and written. Very high affinity for data-based tasks, structured work and strong organizational talent. Excellent MS Excel and good Power Point knowledge. Good IT skills. Well-developed communication skills. Basic understanding of business and sales processes

As an employer, we value diversity and support people in developing their potential and strengths, realizing their ideas and seizing opportunities. The job advertisement is aimed at all people equally, regardless of ideology, age, religion, disability, gender, sexual identity or ethnic origin.