
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124785334

Retail Team Lead



Location:

Munich

Address

Theatinerstraße 12 Munich, 80333 Germany

Job Title

Retail Team Lead

Canada Goose isn't like anything else. We've built something great, something special - an iconic lifestyle brand with an inspirational and authentic story. At the heart of it is our promise to inspire and enable all people to thrive in the world outside. To Live in the Open. At Canada Goose, you're part of a movement that belongs to something bigger. One that seeks out the restorative power of nature and is driven by a purpose to keep the planet cold and the people on it warm. We endure any condition, observe every detail, and are building a community that believes in living bravely and coming together to support game-changing people.

Here, opportunities are everywhere - to try something new, to learn, to do meaningful and impactful work, and they're yours for the taking.

Position Overview

Job Purpose:

As a key member of the store leadership team, the Lead – Operations is responsible for creating highly engaging customer journeys, helping cement Canada Goose as a luxury performance lifestyle brand. You embody Canadian Warmth, demonstrating expertise in every recommendation and conveying warmth in each interaction, bringing the guest journey to life. You are the ultimate champion for best-in-class service and are passionate about achieving excellence in support of all standard operating procedures (SOPs). You provide in the moment feedback to the team, always ensuring an elevated customer experience. You promote a positive and productive work environment by consistently achieving goals, championing the team, and supporting a profitable business. You are steward of Canada Goose’s values and culture.

What You’ll Do

Lead, coach, and support all SOPs (i.e., stockroom standards, cleanliness standards, opening and closing procedures).Ensure consistent use of strategic tools including communications platform, automated scheduling tool, payroll management, queue management, mobile devices, virtual appointment platform etc.Maintain back of house standards ensuring product is easily accessible.Support inventory needs and merchandise flow to ensure product availability.Champion loss prevention strategies in partnership with Assistant Store Manager, aiming to reduce loss and increase profitability.Partner with key cross functional teams to ensure the physical store space is maintained at the highest level.Deliver and model a superior customer service journey reflective of Canadian Warmth, resulting in an exceptional Net Promoter Score (NPS).Guide and demonstrate sales floor leadership and selling behaviours that drive Conversion and Units per Transaction (UPT) by actively introducing new, underperforming, and strategic categories.Ensure maintenance of exceptional visual merchandising that is reflective of brand standards.Resolve customer issues through a customer centric lens by investigating opportunities, developing solutions, and coaching the team on resolution of similar challenges in the future.Support the integration and optimization between the sales floor and back of house to ensure a seamless customer journey.Achieve or exceed sales targets including both the top and bottom-line results.Continuously analyze key performance indicators and support action plans that drive performance.Partner with store management to the ensure store has adequate resources to achieve and exceed performance goals i.e., inventory and labour.Support a culture of talent development and ongoing education for the entire store team.Promote an inclusive and diverse working environment.Lead, implement, and follow up on all educational initiatives and strategies.Actively mentor and develop team members to improve performance and cultivate growth.Continuously coach behaviours that drive Brand Ambassador performance and enhance the customer journey.Inspire and maintain an outstanding employee experience and drive employee engagement.Maintain an open-door environment that encourages feedback and discourse.Support the store management team in recruitment efforts aimed at building an external network of talent.

Let’s Talk About You

2 to 3 years of leadership experience in a related industry.Previous experience working with luxury lifestyle brands in Flagship or high-volume traffic locationsPayroll, inventory, expense management experienceSolid understanding of retail math and metrics and using analytics to drive the business.Operations enthusiast with a keen attention to detail, driving performance through internal KPIs.Is agile and able to quickly change course as needed.Strong time management and organizational skills with ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.Proficiency in another language is an asset.

What’s in it For You?

A company built on Canadian roots and heritageYour work is recognized with a comprehensive and competitive Total Rewards ProgramOpportunities for career growth through numerous internal and external programsRecognize and be recognized by your peers with our Goose Rewards & ICON RewardsBe a part of CG Gives. Donation matching and paid volunteer time to help the organizations you care aboutAccess to tools and resources to support physical and mental health, embracing change and connecting with colleaguesInspiring leaders and colleagues who will lift you up and help you grow

We believe in the power of inclusion and are passionate about building and sustaining an inclusive and equitable working environment where all employees can bring their authentic selves to work everyday. We believe every one of our team members enriches our diversity by exposing us to varying ways to understand the world, identify challenges, and to discover, design, produce, and deliver great products and service. Our different perspectives are what enable us to create, dream and live in the open.

Canada Goose is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act.

There are multiple ways to interview with us! If you require any interview accommodation for your interview, please e-mail us at HR@canadagoose.com.