
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124585469

Part-time salesperson at least 20 hours/week (m/f/d) Munich PEP



Job description

Many of our managers started right here – as sales advisors in our branches. Regardless of whether you simply want to earn some extra money on the side or lay the foundation for a career in the fashion industry: at H&M all doors are open to you, because we do it together. As a Sales Advisor, you will learn the basics of sales, become part of a unique team and learn how to offer our customers a welcoming and inspiring shopping experience.

Your area of ​​responsibility:

You ensure that our customers experience the best service and that the shelves are always well stocked. Thanks to your efforts, the sales area remains attractive, and thanks to you, waiting times at the checkouts and fittings are as short as possible. Together we achieve our sales goals - You actively support sales campaigns and contribute your own ideas.


Would you like to find out more about the role as a sales advisor? Listen to our Jobcast episode and find out more about the job first hand - directly from our team: Sales Advisor

As soon as you click on the link you will leave our site and be redirected to Spotify. You can find Spotify AB's privacy policy here: Privacy Policy - Spotify.

Qualifications

You love working in a team, are helpful and are passionate about your work. Flexibility is a given for you - you can quickly find your way around changing conditions. Open communication and respectful, positive interactions with colleagues and customers are important to you.

At H&M we want you to bring your personality with you. We want you to feel comfortable with us and to help others have this experience too.

This is what you bring with you:

You are open-minded, enjoy being around people and have a feel for fashion and trends. You take responsibility and keep a cool head and smile even in turbulent moments.


Additional Information

This position is a permanent part-time position with at least 20 hours/week. Work begins on February 10, 2025.

The work is flexible, mainly in late shifts and on three Saturdays a month.

Apply today, but no later than January 27th, 2025, directly here or in our stores.

Benefits:

We offer all of our employees in the H&M Group attractive benefits and extensive development opportunities worldwide. All our employees receive a staff discount card that can be used across all H&M Group brands in stores and online. The discount applies to the brands H&M (including Beauty and Move), COS, Weekday, Monki, H&M HOME, & Other Stories, ARKET and Afound. In addition to our staff discount, all of our employees benefit from our H&M Incentive Program – HIP. You can find out more about our H&M Incentive Program here.

In addition to our global benefits, all of our local markets offer various competitive perks and benefits. Please note that these may vary depending on the type of employment and country. Discover the benefits for H&M Germany here.

Inclusion & Diversity:

H&M is part of the H&M Group, where we are committed to creating and sustaining inclusive, diverse and equal workplaces. Our teams consist of a variety of people who share and combine their knowledge, experience and ideas. Diverse teams positively impact the way we approach challenges, what we believe is possible, and the way we work with our colleagues and customers around the world. Therefore, all aspects of diversity are taken into account in our recruitment process. 

We strive to ensure a fair and equal process and ask that you do not include a cover letter with your application, as these often contain information that can easily lead to unintentional bias. Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equal status will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified.

Company description:

H&M is a fashion brand that offers the latest styles and inspiration, from fashion-forward pieces and unique design collaborations to affordable wardrobe essentials. Our business idea is fashion and quality at the best price in a sustainable way. You can find out more about H&M here.