
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124742906

AI Prompt Evaluators with Chinese | Relocation to Essen



TELUS Digital AI is looking for AI Prompt Evaluators with Chinese to support the development of AI technologies from our office in Essen.
Join us in enhancing the latest speech technology applications by refining our systems in Chinese.
Responsibilities:
Research, create, and edit short-form written prompts while ensuring factual accuracy and adherence to style guidelines for voice and creativity.Develop conversation flows to ensure smooth, logical interactions that guide users effectively.Contribute to the improvement of our speech system, which may involve working with dialogues on various topics, including controversial subjects.Analyse and evaluate short-form written content for factual correctness and compliance with style guidelines.Generate and assess suggested prompts and responses.Ensure that the tone aligns with the proper voice and resonates with the target audience.
What we offer:
Special winter welcome bonus of €1,200 for all full-time hires in January 2025Relocation Support to Essen is availableA competitive salary (starting from €20 per hour)Advanced job opportunities in our internationally growing companyGreat office at the city center of EssenPositive international working environmentFun Floor with PlayStation, table tennis, and much moreComfortable leisure areas and opportunities to join different activities like yoga or guided meditationAppealing benefits in the office, regular fruit deliveries for a healthy lifestyle, and free drinksAttractive employee referral bonus programsWorking as part of a dynamic and multicultural team, with flat hierarchies and a first-name workplace cultureIntriguing and diverse responsibilities
What we expect:
Ability to work on-site in our Essen officeA work permit for Germany is requiredFluency in Chinese and minimum B2 proficiency in EnglishStrong command of language, grammar, and style to create engaging and clear prompts.Ability to come up with innovative prompts and scenarios that engage users.Ability to analyze user data and feedback to improve prompts and conversation flows.Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.Strong attention to detail and effective communication skills.Ability to convey complex ideas simply and effectively.Comfort with potentially sensitive content.
Ready to make an impact on AI technologies?
If this opportunity sounds appealing to you, apply now! Kindly attach your CV in English.
*Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. For any queries, feel free to reach out to tine.sourcing.box@telusdigital.com
About TELUS Digital AI Data SolutionsCreating and enhancing the world's data to enable better AI via human intelligence.
We strive to enhance the world's data to enable better AI through human intelligence. Our team of data, technology, and project management professionals work with companies to test and improve machine learning models. We handle various data types, including text, images, audio, video, and geo. Our solutions improve AI systems in multiple applications, such as advanced smart products, improved search results, expanded speech recognition, more human-like bot interactions, and more.
TELUS Digital values diversity and grants equal opportunity regardless of civil status, disability, gender, nationality, race, religion and political beliefs, sex or sexual orientation.