
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124587386

Temporary mini-job (m/f/d) Munich PEP



Job description

Many of our global leaders started here: as sales advisors in our branches. Whether you simply want to earn some extra money or start a career in the fashion industry: everything is possible here, because we do it together! As a Sales Advisor, you will learn all the basics of sales, become part of a unique team and find out how to make our customers feel welcome and inspired.

Your area of ​​responsibility:

You ensure the best service and optimal product availability. Because of you, our sales area always looks good and the waiting times at the checkouts and fittings are as short as possible. We achieve our sales targets together - that's why you help with the implementation of sales campaigns.


Would you like to find out more about the role as a sales advisor? Listen to our Jobcast episode and find out more about the job first hand - directly from our team: Sales Advisor

As soon as you click on the link you will leave our site and be redirected to Spotify. You can find Spotify AB's privacy policy here: Privacy Policy - Spotify.

Qualifications

In order to be successful as a sales advisor at H&M, you can flexibly adapt to the different needs of our customers and adapt to changing conditions. You love working in a team, are helpful and are motivated and committed. Open communication and positive interactions with colleagues and customers are important to you.

At H&M we want you to bring your own personality, feel good and help others experience the same.

This is what you bring with you:

You are open-minded, enjoy being around people and have a feel for fashion and trends. You take responsibility and remain confident even when things get turbulent.


Additional Information

This position is a permanent mini-job on a €538 basis. Work begins on February 10, 2025.

The work is flexible, mainly in late shifts and on three Saturdays a month.

Apply today directly here or in our stores.

Benefits:

We offer all of our employees in the H&M Group attractive benefits and extensive development opportunities worldwide. All our employees receive a staff discount card that can be used across all H&M Group brands in stores and online. The discount applies to the brands H&M (including Beauty and Move), COS, Weekday, Monki, H&M HOME, & Other Stories, ARKET and Afound. In addition to our staff discount, all of our employees benefit from our H&M Incentive Program – HIP. You can find out more about our H&M Incentive Program here.

In addition to our global benefits, all of our local markets offer various competitive perks and benefits. Please note that these may vary depending on the type of employment and country. Discover the benefits for H&M Germany here.

Inclusion & Diversity:

H&M is part of the H&M Group, where we are committed to creating and sustaining inclusive, diverse and equal workplaces. Our teams consist of a variety of people who share and combine their knowledge, experience and ideas. Diverse teams positively impact the way we approach challenges, what we believe is possible, and the way we work with our colleagues and customers around the world. Therefore, all aspects of diversity are taken into account in our recruitment process. 

We strive to ensure a fair and equal process and ask that you do not include a cover letter with your application, as these often contain information that can easily lead to unintentional bias. Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equal status will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified.

Company description:

H&M is a fashion brand that offers the latest styles and inspiration, from fashion-forward pieces and unique design collaborations to affordable wardrobe essentials. Our business idea is fashion and quality at the best price in a sustainable way. You can find out more about H&M here.