
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124793693

Production planner (AV) for test benches (m/f/d)



Job description

Tasks - This is what awaits you with us:

Preparatory planning (electrical/mechanical) of test runs and customer acceptance for power generators (OPU and container construction) in the performance range of 700-5,000 kVASub-project management for customer-specific test requirements (customized)Determination of planned and document times for setup and test scopesPlanning of necessary test equipment for measurement recording , special measuring equipment and documentationOptimization of existing processes according to lean and Kaizen methodsAssignment-related support to the production areas (electrical/mechanical)Co-responsibility for compliance with or achievement of the safety and quality standards of RRPS

Qualifications - What We Want

Completed vocational training in the field of electronics/energy and building technology/heating and plumbing/mechatronics/mechanical engineering Further training to become a master/technician/bachelor/master in the respective function Several years of professional experience in the described or similar function Good knowledge of reading/following E-Plan circuit diagrams and functional diagrams English in word and writingTeam spirit, quality awareness, hands-onHigh affinity for occupational safety, lean management, CIP and KaizenEDV knowledge MS Office, Windchill, CAD (e.g. BricsCAD) desirable, SAP knowledge desirable

Why Rolls-Royce Power Systems – This is what we offer you

Healthy and fair working conditions through collective bargaining (metal and electrical industry) Company-owned health insurance company BKK MTU for our employees and family members Comprehensive company health management including company fitness program (EGYM Wellpass) Attractive company pension plan - save for old age with us! Occupational disability insurance - coverage for all cases! Mobility support in everyday life – JobradCorporate Benefits Program – Attractive employee discounts on numerous strong brands

We are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to developing a diverse workforce and an inclusive work environment. We believe that people from different backgrounds and cultures give us different perspectives. And the more perspectives we have, the more successful we will be. By building a culture of respect and appreciation, we give everyone who works here the opportunity to reach their full potential.

Find out more about our global inclusion strategy here.

Your contact person 

Margot Shoe

margot.schuh@ps.rolls-royce.com

Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (especially email) cannot be considered.

Job category

Manufacturing Engineering

Posting date

Jan 13, 2025; 00:01