
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124761428

Experienced telecommunications engineer (f/m/d)



Experienced telecommunications engineer or telecommunications electronics technician (f/m/d) wanted
We are looking for an experienced telecommunications engineer (f/m/d) for our customer, a healthcare company based in the south of Munich, as soon as possible. Are you enthusiastic about telecommunications systems and have several years of work experience in the specialist area? Would you like to use your knowledge profitably and contribute your ideas? Then you are exactly the right person for this position - apply directly!
You start as part of temporary employment with the aim of being taken over into direct employment. You will receive a permanent employment contract from Robert Half. The support and placement as well as all of our other services are free of charge for you as an applicant. In addition, you benefit from all the benefits at Robert Half.
The position can be partially carried out in the home office.
Your tasks as an experienced telecommunications engineer (f/m/d)Analysis, conception and optimization of the existing telecommunications infrastructureManagement of IPv4/v6 routing and IPAMimplementation of SIP/SIP trunking and VoIP/VoLTE solutionsProgramming and administration of Unify OpenScape Voice and Siemens HiPath 4000Administration of alarm servers (Tetronik DAKS) and answering machines (X-Pression) Support of softphone applications Analysis of causes, troubleshooting and diagnosis as well as troubleshooting of faults in the telecommunications infrastructure
Your profile: Studies or completed vocational training as IT, telecommunications technician, system electronics engineer or comparable; Subject-specific further training is an advantage. Relevant professional experience (at least 5 years) as a telecommunications specialist. In-depth experience in telecommunications systems and good knowledge of IP networks, SIP technologies, VoIP/VoLTE, communication and alarm systems. Business-fluent knowledge of German and good knowledge of English. Team player, strong technical affinity. Solution-oriented, independent and Responsible working style Class B driving license desirable
Advantages at Robert Half• Free, fast and needs-based placement (to your dream job)• Challenging projects in an innovative environment• A permanent employment contract• Same rights and obligations as colleagues at the client company• Attractive social benefits• Induction and further training by client companies• Contact and networking with interesting companies
Have we aroused your interest? Then apply online as an experienced telecommunications engineer (f/m/d) quoting the reference number 06640-0013126796 - your CV is sufficient. If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Adrieanna Obermeier (Tel.: +49 89 286 74 – 127, Email: Adrieanna.Obermeier@roberthalf.de) from Robert Half will be happy to help.