
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4124582037

System Architect for Eurofighter LTE (d/f/m)



Job Description

Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a

System Architect for Eurofighter LTE (d/f/m)

The System Architects team supports the development of medium and long term Avionic/Mission System product strategies for Eurofighter and FCAS. It develops a product Vision/new concepts based on the knowledge of current customer needs and also proactively explores new operational capabilities beyond existing requirements. The Team assesses existing and emerging technologies in the market as well within Airbus. It also analyzes civil and military Standards which might drive changes into the system. It develops new technologies if concepts cannot be realized otherwise. A strong exchange with other Airbus Divisions is required to guarantee a cross-platform approach.

Your location

Located about an hour’s drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.

Your Benefits

Attractive salary and special payments30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasionsExcellent upskilling opportunities and great international, group wide development prospectsSpecial benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, subsidies for public transport, employee benefits at cooperating companiesOn-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site Compatibility of family & work (job sharing, part-time models, flexible working hours, individual timeout)Working in a diverse environment, with more than 140 nationalities, where every voice is heard

Your Tasks And Responsibilities

You identify stakeholders and capture their needs and expectationsYou elicit and validate requirements whilst considering the complete system Life CycleYou design and define possible architectures, in collaboration with subject matter experts, based on the requirementsYou perform trade-off analysis in order to select the best solution fulfilling the requirementsYou understand and assess the impact of design changes requested during the entire product lifecycleYou work independently and responsibly as part of an international team and in a multinational project environment

Desired Skills And Qualifications

You have a degree in Electrical Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, Computer Science or similarYou have profound knowledge of Avionic/Mission Systems as well as overall aircraft architecturesYou have an in depth knowledge of System Engineering principles and development approachesYou have system architecture experience in defence or non defence related projectsYou have experience in the area of R&T and excellent English skillsYou are a team player and have excellent communication skills

Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company

Airbus Defence and Space GmbH

Employment Type

Permanent

Experience Level

Professional

Job Family

Chief Engineering & Architecture

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.

Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com.

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.

#YESPOST