
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125048762

Data Cloud Account Executive



To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.

Job Category

Sales

Job Details

About Salesforce

We’re Salesforce, the Customer Company, inspiring the future of business with AI+ Data +CRM. Leading with our core values, we help companies across every industry blaze new trails and connect with customers in a whole new way. And, we empower you to be a Trailblazer, too — driving your performance and career growth, charting new paths, and improving the state of the world. If you believe in business as the greatest platform for change and in companies doing well and doing good – you’ve come to the right place.

At Salesforce, we're seeking outstanding individuals to join our team as Account Executives, where your role will be pivotal in driving revenue growth and encouraging enduring client relationships. Our dedication to revolutionizing customer experiences is at the heart of everything we do. The Salesforce Data Cloud, our flagship innovation, harnesses the power of real-time data to reinvent the Customer 360, enabling businesses to build awe-inspiring customer interactions at scale.

As a part of our esteemed Data Cloud Specialist selling team, you will play a pivotal role in crafting the future of customer engagement. We are looking for professionals with extensive experience in highly technical sales with emerging B2B technologies. Collaborating with potential clients, you will investigate understanding their needs and challenges, showcasing how Data Cloud can solve their most critical business goals.

What You’ll Be Doing

Employ your wealth of experience in enterprise and commercial B2B sales to identify and engage potential Data Cloud clients.Demonstrate your extensive knowledge of the Salesforce platform, Data Cloud, and Tableau to craft highly tailored solutions that resonate with clients.Source and qualify Data Cloud opportunities that fit our ideal customer profile.Demonstrate your adeptness at leading comprehensive discovery conversations, unearthing prospective customers’ critical business needs and resolving if and how Data Cloud can help them.Craft and present compelling Points of View (PoVs) that underscore the tangible business value of Data Cloud.Collaborate across cross-functional teams to show up as “One Salesforce” and ensure a seamless client experience throughout the entire sales processHighlight how our solutions align seamlessly with clients' long-term strategic objectivesUse your unique ability to combine deep discovery with your own PoV to present compelling Data Cloud use cases that resonate with technical and business buyers

What You Should Have

Experience in enterprise and commercial B2B sales within the context of highly technical sales.Expertise in modern cloud data platforms (e.g., Snowflake, Databricks, Big Query) and data analytics tools (e.g., Tableau), acquired through years of technology sales experience.An understanding of the Salesforce Advantage across Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Service Cloud to relate Data Cloud requirements in the context of Customer needs.A heightened discernment, adept at steering impactful discovery conversations to uncover the most intricate client needs.A proven track record of consistently surpassing sales targets within a technical sales environment, underscoring your mastery of intricate sales processes.Exceptional communication and negotiation skills honed through your experience in technology sales.

Skills/Technologies

Salesforce platform (Sales, Service, Marketing Clouds), technical sales, negotiation techniques, Cloud Data Warehouse technologies, Business Intelligence (Tableau). Salesforce Data Cloud.

Characteristics

A results-driven attitude: Proven track record to exceed sales goals within the context of highly technical sales.Demonstrate ability to prioritize working in a cross-functional environmentBusiness-focused outlook: Skillfully translates technical solutions into palpable business valueA talent for relationship-building: Establishes enduring client connections, rooted in your advanced sales expertise.A curiosity about problem-solving: Devises innovative solutions to address sophisticated client challenges, using your extensive technology sales experience.Creative: Agile, roll-up-your-sleeves demeanor. Progress over quality.

September 2024 - Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) continues to build momentum with Data Cloud, the heartbeat of the Salesforce Platform and foundation of Agentforce. The growth is fueled by strong business demand for unified data to deliver more personalized, contextually relevant, and timely customer experiences across the Customer 360 applications, Flow, analytics and Agentforce, Salesforce’s groundbreaking suite of autonomous AI agents.

Accommodations

If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.

We warmly invite applications from individuals with a severe disability status (Schwerbehinderung). Salesforce is committed to equality and creating a workplace that reflects society. We set ambitious goals for representation, emphasize accessibility and inclusion, and continuously learn and improve. Learn more about our inclusion initiatives here (https://www.salesforce.com/company/accessibility/workplace-resources/#ally-sf-benefits). In 2019, Salesforce joined The Valuable 500 to champion disability inclusion in business leadership.

Posting Statement

At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at www.equality.com and explore our company benefits at www.salesforcebenefits.com.

Salesforce is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.

﻿Salesforce welcomes all.