
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125026325

Senior Marketing Data Analyst



FINN drives change for people, organizations and the planet through frictionless mobility. Offering convenient and flexible car subscriptions, we bring a true e-commerce experience to car ownership and accelerate the arrival of electric mobility. Join our fast-growing scale-up to make FINN the natural choice in Germany. We work with the best car brands in the world and are backed by leading global investors.

Your Role 

As a Data Analyst in Marketing, you will be at the forefront of transforming FINN's marketing strategies through data-driven insights. Your analytical expertise will empower our marketing team to optimize campaigns, improve ROAS, and support FINN growth in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. You will leverage advanced analytics tools and techniques to uncover trends, predict outcomes, and provide actionable recommendations as well validate decisions impact. This role is perfect for a proactive problem solver who thrives in a data-rich environment and is passionate about using data to support strategic decisions.

Why FINN?

With massive growth potential, FINN allows you to quickly develop and succeed in a highly motivating startup environment with ambitious challenges in cross-functional teams.Competitive fixed salary and virtual equity share of the company, along with a yearly personal development budget of 1,500€ and an attractive company pension scheme.Visa and relocation support for you and your family.Access to discounted gym memberships and attractive mobility options (e.g. discounts for FINN cars via JobAuto or tax benefits via JobRad).


Your Responsibilities

Be a Domain Expert: Lead in-depth and advanced analysis of marketing data to uncover actionable insights that elevate performance and drive strategic decisions in the marketing area.Lead attribution and optimisation models: Spearhead the creation and refinement of attribution, campaign optimization and mix models to accurately measure and optimize the impact of marketing spend.Craft Compelling Narratives: Transform complex data into visually stunning dashboards and reports that tell a clear status and allow actionable insights.Be a Data Evangelist: Partner with cross-functional business and tech teams to continuously enhance data processes and tools, ensuring every marketing move is backed by cutting-edge analytics.


Your Profile

Graduating with a Master’s degree in a relevant data field of study, PhD is a plus.3+ years of professional experience in data and 1+ years in the marketing domain.Good understanding of the marketing domain such as channel specifics (social, email, PPC, content, out-of-home), marketing KPIs (ROAS, CPx, CAC, CLV, etc) and experience in attribution model development (e.g. FTA, MTA).Proficiency in applying statistical analysis (e.g. regression analysis, correlation, hypothesis testing, etc).Proficiency in data visualization with Looker (or similar BI tools).Advanced SQL modeling skills with a good understanding of modern data stacks and effective data warehousing. Experience working with dbt is a plus.Good Python skills with relevant libraries (scikit-learn, pandas, etc) as well as notebooks.Previous experience in Media Agencies, AdTech or E-commerce is a plus.Fluent in English. German is a plus.


€73,000 - €85,000 a year

Senior Data Analyst €73,000 - €85,000

Factors that may influence an employee's pay within this range include, but are not limited to, their experience, skills, qualifications, certifications, education level, seniority, and performance. The compensation for this role will be within the range of €73,000 to €85,000 + VSOP, depending on the factors described above, as assessed during the interview process. This is the lowest and highest salary that we in good faith believe to be fair for this role at the time of this posting. This compensation range may be subject to change in the future.

Interested in Joining Our Fast-Growing Startup? 

Please upload your CV and transcripts online. Alex and Anna are looking forward to your application!

Equal Opportunities for Everyone

FINN is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We are open to all groups of people without regard to age, color, national origin, race, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristics.