
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125032838

Cloud Solution Architect – Data & Analytics



Are you passionate about leveraging cutting-edge technology to revolutionize Microsoft’s most strategic customers? We are seeking a visionary Cloud Solution Architect for Data & AI to drive innovation and transform our clients' digital landscapes. Join us in shaping the future with your expertise and creativity.

With over 17,000 employees worldwide, the mission of the Customer Experience & Success (CE&S) organization is to empower customers to accelerate business value through differentiated customer experiences that leverage Microsoft’s products and services, ignited by our people and culture. Come join CE&S and help us build a future where customers achieve their business outcomes faster with technology that does more. 

As a Cloud Solution Architect (CSA) for Data & AI, you design and implement scalable cloud-based solutions that harness the power of data and artificial intelligence to solve complex business challenges. You collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand client needs, develop innovative strategies, and ensure seamless integration of AI technologies into their existing systems. Your role involves staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in AI and advanced analytics workloads, enabling you to provide expert guidance and drive continuous improvement in your clients' digital transformation journeys.

We are looking for a CSA, specializing in AI, who is passionate about driving our customers’ transformation on Microsoft Azure. This is a customer-facing role, owning the technical relationship between the customer and Microsoft, helping customers to leverage their Microsoft investments through architecture, and operational health engagements.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Responsibilities

You will understand customers’ overall data estate Business and IT priorities and success measures to design Data & Analytics solutions that drive business value and drive positive Customer Satisfaction & become a trusted advisor. You will ensure that solution exhibits high levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, repeatability, appropriate reusability, and reliability upon deployment and provide feedback and insights from customers/partners. You will develop opportunities to drive Customer Success business results & help Customers get value from their Microsoft investments and identify resolutions to Customer blockers by leveraging SA subject matter expertise. Deliver according to MS best practices & using repeatable Intellectual Property (IP). You will apply technical knowledge to architect and design solutions that meet business and IT needs, create Data & Analytics roadmaps, drive Proof of Concepts (POC) and Minimal Viable Product (MVP), and ensure long term technical viability of new deployments, infusing key AI technologies where appropriate. You will be the Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers and drive product improvements. You will maintain technical skills and knowledge, keep up to date with market trends and competitive insights; collaborate and share with the AI technical community while educating customers on Azure platform. You will accelerate customer outcomes - Share expertise, contribute to IP creation & re-use to accelerate customer outcomes and obtain relevant accreditations and certifications. 

Qualifications

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Business, or related field AND multiple years of experience in cloud/infrastructure technologies, information technology (IT) consulting/support, systems administration, network operations, software development/support, technology solutions, practice development, architecture, and/or consulting OR equivalent experience Deep Technical Expertise: Proficiency in Microsoft Azure, particularly in AI services such as Azure OpenAI, AI Search, AI Foundry, Azure Machine Learning and / or related Azure Services. Proficiency in Azure Databricks is a plus. The ability to architect, design, and implement complex data solutions that leverage these services is crucial. Experience with Generative AI and Machine Learning: Hands-on experience with large scale machine learning project and solutions that leverage Generative AI. This includes knowledge of model training, optimization of solutions (such as vector databases), and the ability to work with large datasets to derive insights and support business decisions. Strong Communication and Collaboration Skills: The ability to work closely with customers to understand their requirements, provide technical guidance, and ensure successful implementation of analytics solutions. This includes being a trusted advisor and effectively communicating complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. 
Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Business, or related field AND several years of experience in cloud/infrastructure technologies, information technology (IT) consulting/support, systems administration, network operations, software development/support, technology solutions, practice development, architecture, and/or consulting OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Business, or related field AND 6+ years experience in cloud/infrastructure technologies, technology solutions, practice development, architecture, and/or consulting OR equivalent experience Multiple years of experience working in a customer-facing role (e.g., internal and/or external). Multiple years of experience working on technical projects Technical Certification in Cloud (e.g., Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google, security certifications) Industry Awareness: A deep understanding of industry trends and the ability to apply this knowledge to create innovative solutions that meet customer needs. This includes staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in data analytics and cloud technologies. Experience with AI: Proficiency in AI technologies, including machine learning, generative AI, data mining, and predictive analytics. The ability to integrate these technologies into cloud solutions to drive business value is highly desirable. 

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.