
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125433254

Process Expert Continuous Improvement, EU Amazon Transportation Services ACES



Description

"This role can be based in one of our EU Sort Centers across the UK, Spain, France, Germany, or Italy."

Are you interested in shaping the future of Amazon Transportation Services (ATS) for our Sort Center operations? Do you want to work in a large scale organization, but with a start-up feeling? Do you want to create processes, operating models, and drive Amazon network improvements? Do you have a strong passion for continuous improvement and implementing methodologies such as Six Sigma and Lean?

EU Amazon Transportation Services’ ACES (Amazon Customer Excellence System) team is seeking a highly skilled and motivated person as a Process Expert help develop a world class middle mile process that delivers goods on time at the best cost.

This position will support Amazon transportation and drive operational excellence and project management across the entire EU Fulfillment Center, Sort Center, Air Node, and Delivery Station network. A successful candidate will have experience managing large and complex projects and extreme bias for action needed in a startup environment.

A Successful Candidate Will Demonstrate

 Passion for continuous improvement and developing mechanisms to reduce defects Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever is necessary; owner mentality Strong change management and implementation experience, including a demonstrated ability to engage effectively with high levels of management Ability to think strategically and execute methodically Ability to drive projects from initially ambiguous states Demonstrated analytical and quantitative skills and ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases Demonstrated ability to write detailed project and business plans. High attention to detail and proven ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously

Key job responsibilities

Responsibilities Include

 Drive network level excellence by designing and implementing systems, metrics and programs that maximize compliance, productivity and continuous improvement. Build strong partnership with operations field leaders to identify impact of new business initiatives and successfully integrate and deploy them onsite. Engage other Amazon business units globally to share best practices and improve end to end outcomes for Amazon customers. Work with technology teams and product managers to develop new tools and systems to support the growth of the business. Support to improve the vision, content, and delivery of standard work and ACES Training program. Create benchmark standards and audit process Analyze and solving operational barriers with a focus on understanding root causes.

About The Team

Amazon couldn’t deliver at pace without the Amazon Transportation Service (ATS) team. As part of ATS, you’ll be welcomed into a diverse team that plays a central role in our success. Using air, sea and road transport, as well as sortation centres equipped with the latest technology, you’ll help Amazon’s transport run at maximum efficiency. Our team captures data and uses it to drive decisions. They are key to making Amazon more innovative and efficient.

We put safety first as our people are our priority. And we use the expertise of our people to get packages to their destination – quickly, conveniently and sustainably.

Basic Qualifications

 A degree in business, supply chain, transportation, economics or a technical field Relevant experience working in a supply chain, transportation, project management or management consulting role Relevant experience in project management or management consulting including handling multiple ongoing projects Relevant experience using Microsoft Excel for data analysis Relevant experience of communicating with a wide range of stakeholders Travel required

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred qualifications are not required to apply for a position at Amazon. If you have all the basic qualifications above, we’d love to hear from you. 

Experience in process improvement

Experience in analytical tool building

Understanding of SQL

Experience with data visualisation tools such as Tableau, Power BI or QuickSight

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Verteilzentrum Krefeld GmbH

Job ID: A2822412