
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125055442

Project Plant Team Leader (m/f/d)



Job Description Summary

Become part of a winning team and help to deliver the Green Energy transition.

Job Description

GE Renewable – Grid Systems Integration product line is globally recognized for designing, manufacturing, and delivering customized High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) solutions for utilities worldwide. With over 130 years of pioneering experience, GE offers two HVDC technologies, Line Commutated Converters (LCC) and Voltage Source Converters (VSC), to support a broad range of applications and deployable in different schemes including overhead line (point to point), back-to-back, submarine/land cable and offshore.

Essential Responsibilities

Convert project contractual documents into plant engineering requirementsDefine and/or control plant engineering planning for the project ensuring on-time deliveryRelease plant engineering deliverables as per project planning & cost without non-conformityLead the plant engineers for the assigned project(s) (functional reports)Lead the design optimized substation & buildings layouts integrating all the required equipment considering their installation, operation, and maintenance constraintsInterface with other disciplinesAnswer to client, partners & suppliers technical queries related to plant engineeringOrganize and perform projects design/gate reviews related to plant engineering & support other disciplines’ ones when required.Lead change control impacting plant engineering deliverables & activitiesSupport continuous improvement within engineering discipline

Qualifications And Skills

A bachelor’s degree in electrical/mechanical engineering or related disciplineSignificant experience in engineering management for EPC project, ideally in primary design for substation projectsStrong knowledge on High Voltage substation international standards & guidelines (IEC, CIGRE…), local standards & guidelines (DIN…) and related equipmentStrong knowledge on contract and project management, Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC), or Engineering equipment package (EEP) typeProficient with Autodesk CAD tools Revit & Autodesk Construction CloudGood understanding of onshore civil engineering and offshore platform design and requirementsLeadership (management by influence), analytical mind, rigorous and commitment,Professional English spoken and written, fluency in German is a plusMobility required (on-site visits or client meetings ~25% of the time)

Grid Solutions, a GE Vernova business, serves customers globally with over 20,000 employees. We provide power utilities and industries worldwide with equipment, systems and services to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to end power consumers. Grid Solutions is focused on addressing the challenges of the energy transition by enabling the safe and reliable connection of renewable and distributed energy resources to the grid. We electrify the world with advanced grid technologies and accelerate the energy transition.

About GE Grid Solutions

At GE Grid Solutions we are electrifying the world with advanced grid technologies. As leaders in the energy space our goal is to accelerate the transition for a more energy efficient grid to full fill the needs of tomorrow. With a focus on growth and sustainability GE Grid Solutions plays a pivotable role in integrating Renewables onto the grid to drive to carbon neutral. In Grid Solutions we help enable the transition for a greener more reliable Grid. GE Grid Solutions has the most advanced and comprehensive product and solutions portfolio within the energy sector.

Why We Come To Work

At GE Renewable Energy, our engineers are always up for the challenge - and we’re always driven to find the best solution. Our projects are unique and interesting, and you’ll need to bring a solution-focused, positive approach to each one to do your best. Surrounded by committed, loyal colleagues, if you can dare to bring your ingenuity and desire to make an impact, you’ll be exposed to game-changing, diverse projects that truly allow you to play your part in the energy transition.

What We Offer

A key role in a dynamic, international working environment with a large degree of flexibility of work agreements

Competitive benefits, and great development opportunities.

Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: Yes