
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125056202

HVDC-Commercial Manager*in (m/w/d)



Job Description Summary

Become part of a successful team and help advance the energy transition.

Help shape the future of energy transmission!

Are you a sales professional with a passion for technology and energy? Do you have a knack for negotiations and delight customers with creative solutions? Then this challenge is just right for you!

As an HVDC sales manager at GE Vernova, you will be responsible for preparing technical and commercial offers as well as contract negotiations for groundbreaking HVDC projects.

Your mission: Together with our team, you will shape the future of energy transmission and bring clean energy to its destination efficiently and reliably.

Job description

Help shape the future of energy transmission!

Are you a sales professional with a passion for technology and energy? Do you have a knack for negotiations and delight customers with creative solutions? Then this challenge is just right for you!

As an HVDC sales manager at GE Vernova, you will be responsible for preparing technical and commercial offers as well as contract negotiations for groundbreaking HVDC projects.

Your mission: Together with our team, you will shape the future of energy transmission and bring clean energy to its destination efficiently and reliably.

Your tasks

Management and interaction with all stakeholders: You are the central contact point for everyone involved in the project and strategically manage the development of our offers.Technical and commercial expertise: You understand the complex requirements of HVDC projects and translate these into economically successful solutions.Negotiation skills at the highest level: You confidently represent GE Vernova in contract negotiations and achieve optimal results for everyone involved. Project management with foresight: You maintain an overview of project activities and ensure a smooth handover to the execution team.

Your profile

Successful sales career: You have at least 5 years of experience in sales and quotations, ideally in the energy industry.HVDC know-how: You have in-depth knowledge of HVDC technology and understand the challenges and opportunities of this future-oriented technology.Negotiation talent: You have a You have strong negotiation skills and are able to successfully organize even complex contract negotiations.Communication professional: You impress with excellent oral and written communication skills in German and English.Team player with grit: You enjoy working in a team and actively contribute your ideas and commitment.

What we offer you

Exciting task with a high level of responsibility: Actively shape the future of energy transmission and contribute to the success of groundbreaking projects.Dynamic working environment: Work in an international team of highly qualified experts and benefit from collegial cooperation.Individual development opportunities: We promote your professional and personal development through a variety of opportunities Training and further education offers.Attractive salary and benefits package: Enjoy a competitive salary and benefits package that appropriately rewards your performance.

Grid Solutions, a GE Vernova company, serves customers worldwide with over 20,000 employees. We provide utilities and industries worldwide with equipment, systems and services to get electricity reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to the end user. Grid Solutions focuses on addressing the challenges of the energy transition by enabling the safe and reliable connection of renewable and distributed energy resources to the grid. We are electrifying the world with advanced grid technologies and accelerating the energy transition.

About GE Grid Solutions

At GE Grid Solutions, we electrify the world with advanced grid technologies. As an energy leader, our goal is to accelerate the transition to a more energy efficient grid to meet tomorrow's needs. With a focus on growth and sustainability, GE Grid Solutions plays a central role in integrating renewable energy into the grid to become carbon neutral. At Grid Solutions, we support the transition to a greener and more reliable grid. GE Grid Solutions has the most advanced and comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions in the energy sector.

Why we come to you

At GE Renewable Energy, our engineers are always up for a challenge – and we always strive to find the best solution. Our projects are unique and interesting, and you must bring a solution-oriented, positive attitude to each project to do your best. Surrounded by committed, loyal colleagues, if you dare to use your ingenuity and desire to make a difference, you will be exposed to groundbreaking, diverse projects that will truly enable you to make your contribution to the energy transition.

What We Offer

A key role in a dynamic, international working environment with a high degree of flexibility in working arrangements.

Competitive benefits and great development opportunities.

Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

 This is a remote position