
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125056386

Project manager (f/m/d)



Project manager (f/m/d) wanted
We are looking for a project manager (f/m/d) for our customer, a modern company in the IT services/public transport sector, as soon as possible. Interesting projects linked to digitalization, mobility and IT topics make your heart beat faster? Then you are exactly the right person for this position!
You start as part of temporary employment with the aim of being taken over into direct employment. You will receive a permanent employment contract from Robert Half. The support and placement as well as all of our other services are free of charge for you as an applicant. In addition, you benefit from all the benefits at Robert Half. The position can partly be carried out in the home office after training.
Your tasks as a project manager (f/m/d)Control/management of projects as well as leadership and coordination of project teams and partnersPrimary contact for customers and interface to the specialist areasProject management (quality, costs, time management)Realization/technical implementation of systems (software and Hardware) at the customer's requirements analysis, presentation of solution proposals, adaptation of requirements, implementation of software introductions as well as support during delivery as well as follow-up planning of configurations, system integrations, tests, software rollouts and Commissioning until acceptance by the customerAnalysis of faults and implementation of solutions together with the reporting departments
Your profileTraining/study in the areas of technology or (business) information technologySeveral years of professional experience in (agile) project management with an IT connectionExperience in process management, PM and software developmentGreat passion for complex technology and software, high IT affinity and hands-on mentalityResult orientation, Pragmatic approach and confidence in dealing with customersVery good knowledge of German (essential) and good knowledge of English
Advantages at Robert Half• Free, fast and needs-based placement (to your dream job)• A permanent employment contract• Same rights and obligations as colleagues at the client companies• Attractive social benefits• Induction and further training by client companies• Contact and networking with interesting companies
Have we aroused your interest? Then apply online as a project manager (f/m/d) quoting the reference number 06640-0013144017 - your CV is sufficient. If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Adrieanna Obermeier (T: +49 89 286 74 – 127, email: Adrieanna.Obermeier@roberthalf.de) from Robert Half would be happy to help