
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4125403866

Head of department



Description

The operating division is the heart of Amazon. This essential part of our business ensures that we ship orders efficiently so that our customers receive their items on time. As an area manager, you will ensure that all processes at your location run as smoothly as possible so that we can meet customer demand. You will lead a team that ensures the safety, efficiency and first-class quality of our operations. Additionally, you will lead a number of projects across our network to drive productivity.

Key job responsibilities

 Create, oversee and promote a culture of safety and well-being Analyze and implement changes to ensure ongoing high quality and productivity Oversee projects to streamline processes, optimize productivity and improve the quality of service to customers in your area of ​​responsibility Analysis of shifts according to company specifications and implementation of measures to improve our operational excellence. Collaboration with colleagues at management level to standardize shift procedures

A day in the life

You work in shifts at one of our locations and ensure that the processes there are as productive as possible. The focus of your work is on leading and promoting a safety culture and maintaining the quality and performance standards of work shifts. You also oversee process improvements in your area and organize implementation. A typical working day can look very different and includes both routine team management and daily operational tasks as well as process improvement and wide-ranging operational tasks for contingencies. You also act as a role model and mentor for new managers.

Basic Qualifications

 Degree Leadership experience Relevant experience in communicating with various stakeholders, including colleagues and managers Relevant experience in using data or anecdotal evidence to justify business decisions Advanced written and spoken English and German skills

Preferred qualifications

 Experience working with Lean, Six Sigma and Kaizen methods Experience working in a different logistics environment Experience working with the MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook) in a professional environment

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/f/d

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - Amazon Logistik GmbH

Job ID: A2871888